Owner’s Manual

2021 ODYSSEY 



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  0 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Event Data Recorders
This vehicle is equipped with an event data recorder (EDR). 
The main purpose of an EDR is to record, in certain crash or near 
crash-like situations, such as an air bag deployment or hitting a 
road obstacle, data that will assist in understanding how a vehicle’s 
systems performed. The EDR is designed to record data related 
to vehicle dynamics and safety systems for a short period of 
time, typically 30 seconds or less. The EDR in this vehicle is 
designed to record such data as:
• How various systems in your vehicle were operating;
• Whether or not the driver and passenger safety belts were 

buckled/fastened;
• How far (if at all) the driver was depressing the accelerator 

and/or brake pedal; and,
• How fast the vehicle was traveling.
These data can help provide a better understanding of the
circumstances in which crashes and injuries occur. NOTE: EDR data
are recorded by your vehicle only if a non-trivial crash situation
occurs; no data are recorded by the EDR under normal driving
conditions and no personal data (e.g., name, gender, age, and
crash location) are recorded. However, other parties, such as law
enforcement, could combine the EDR data with the type of
personally identifying data routinely acquired during a crash
investigation.

To read data recorded by an EDR, special equipment is required, 
and access to the vehicle or the EDR is needed. In addition to the 
vehicle manufacturer, other parties, such as law enforcement, that 
have the special equipment, can read the information if they have 
access to the vehicle or the EDR. 



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  1 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
The data belongs to the vehicle owner and may not be accessed by 
anyone else except as legally required or with the permission of the 
vehicle owner.

Service Diagnostic Recorders
This vehicle is equipped with service-related devices that record 
information about powertrain performance. The data can be used 
to verify emissions law requirements and/or help technicians 
diagnose and solve service problems. It may also be combined with 
data from other sources for research purposes, but it remains 
confidential. Some diagnostic and maintenance information is 
uploaded to Honda upon vehicle start up.

California Perchlorate Contamination Prevention Act
The airbags, seat belt tensioners, and CR type batteries in this 
vehicle may contain perchlorate materials - special handling may 
apply. See www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate/

As you read this manual, you will find information that is preceded 
by a NOTICE  symbol. This information is intended to help you avoid 
damage to your vehicle, other property, or the environment.

Software End User License Agreement
Your vehicle comes equipped with software, which is governed by 
the End User License Agreement in Owner’s Manual, and which 
contains a binding arbitration clause. Please refer to the End User 
License Agreement for the terms and conditions governing your 
use of the installed software, as well as the applications, services, 
functions, and content provided through the software. Your use of 
the installed software will serve as your consent to the terms and 
conditions of the End User License Agreement.
You may opt out within 30 days of your initial use of the Software 
by sending a signed, written notice to HONDA at American Honda 
Motor Co., Inc. Honda Automobile Customer Services Mail Stop 
100-5E-8A, 1919 Torrance Blvd. Torrance, CA 90501-2746.

Privacy Notice
This vehicle may share location and usage information. To manage 
this setting, visit www.hondalink.com/vehicle-data-choices.

To learn more about how we collect and use Personal 
Information, please read our Privacy Policy, accessible 
at www.honda.com.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  2 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
A Few Words About Safety

Your safety, and the safety of others, is very important. And 
operating this vehicle safely is an important responsibility.

To help you make informed decisions about safety, we have 
provided operating procedures and other information on labels and 
in this manual. This information alerts you to potential hazards that 
could hurt you or others.

Of course, it is not practical or possible to warn you about all the 
hazards associated with operating or maintaining your vehicle. You 
must use your own good judgment.

You will find this important safety information in a variety of forms, 
including:

● Safety Labels - on the vehicle.
● Safety Messages - preceded by a safety alert symbol 3 and 

one of three signal words: DANGER, WARNING, or CAUTION.
These signal words mean:
3DANGER You WILL be KILLED or SERIOUSLY HURT if 
you don’t follow instructions.

3WARNING You CAN be KILLED or SERIOUSLY HURT if 
you don’t follow instructions.

3CAUTION You CAN be HURT if you don’t follow 
instructions.

● Safety Headings - such as Important Safety Precautions.
● Safety Section - such as Safe Driving.
● Instructions - how to use this vehicle correctly and safely.

This entire book is filled with important safety information - please 
read it carefully.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  3 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  4 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Contents
This owner’s manual should be considered a permanent part of the 
vehicle and should remain with the vehicle when it is sold.

This owner’s manual covers all models of your vehicle. You may find 
descriptions of equipment and features that are not on your 
particular model.

Images throughout this owner’s manual (including the front cover) 
represent features and equipment that are available on some, but 
not all, models. Your particular model may not have some of these 
features.

This owner’s manual is for vehicles sold in the United States and 
Canada.

The information and specifications included in this publication were 
in effect at the time of approval for printing. Honda Motor Co., Ltd. 
reserves the right, however, to discontinue or change specifications 
or design at any time without notice and without incurring any 
obligation.
2 Safe Driving P. 35
For Safe Driving P. 36 Seat Belts P. 40 Airbags P. 49

2 Instrument Panel P. 87
Indicators P. 88 Gauges and Driver Information Interface P. 127

2 Controls P. 153
Clock P. 154 Locking and Unlocking the Doors P. 156
Security System P. 191 Windows P. 194
Mirrors P. 219 Seats P. 222

2 Features P. 275
Audio System P. 276 Audio System Basic Operation P. 284, 302
Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System* P. 411
CabinWatch®* P. 537 CabinTalk®* P. 538

2 Driving P. 539
Before Driving P. 540 Towing a Trailer P. 546
Parking Your Vehicle P. 648 Multi-View Rear Camera P. 659

2 Maintenance P. 665
Before Performing Maintenance P. 666 Maintenance MinderTM P. 669
Checking and Maintaining Wiper Blades P. 695
Remote Control and Wireless Headphone Care* P. 711

2 Handling the Unexpected P. 723
Tools P. 724 If a Tire Goes Flat P. 725
Indicator, Coming On/Blinking P. 741 Fuses P. 747
If You Cannot Open the Tailgate P. 756

2 Information P. 761
Specifications P. 762 Identification Numbers P. 764
Warranty Coverages P. 769 Authorized Manuals P. 772



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  5 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Contents
Child Safety P. 67 Exhaust Gas Hazard P. 85 Safety Labels P. 86

Tailgate P. 171 Sliding Doors P. 182
Moonroof* P. 197 Operating the Switches Around the Steering Wheel P. 198
Interior Convenience Items P. 239 Climate Control System P. 263, 268

Audio Error Messages P. 382 General Information on the Audio System P. 387
Customized Features P. 459, 465 HomeLink® Universal Transceiver* P. 484 Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® P. 487, 512

When Driving P. 552 Honda Sensing® P. 588 Braking P. 640
Refueling P. 661 Fuel Economy and CO2 Emissions P. 664

Maintenance Under the Hood P. 675 Replacing Light Bulbs P. 688
Checking and Maintaining Tires P. 699 Battery P. 708 Remote Transmitter Care P. 710
Climate Control System Maintenance P. 713 Cleaning P. 714 Accessories and Modifications P. 720

Engine Does Not Start P. 734 If the Battery Is Dead P. 737 Overheating P. 739
Emergency Towing P. 754 If You Cannot Unlock the Fuel Fill Door P. 755
When You Cannot Close the Power Sliding Doors* P. 758 Refueling P. 759

Devices that Emit Radio Waves P. 765 Reporting Safety Defects P. 766 Emissions Testing P. 767
Customer Service Information P. 773
Quick Reference Guide P. 6

Safe Driving P. 35

Instrument Panel P. 87

Controls P. 153

Features P. 275

Driving P. 539

Maintenance P. 665

Handling the Unexpected P. 723

Information P. 761

Index P. 774



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  6 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

6

Quick Reference Guide
Quick Reference Guide
Visual Index
❚❚  (Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®) System OFF) Button (P577)

❚Safety Support Switch (P585, 595, 629)

❚Power Sliding Door Switch* (P185, 186)

❚Power Tailgate Button* (P177)

❚Parking Sensor System Switch* (P651)
Heated Windshield Button* (P214)

❚❚System Indicators (P88)

❚Gauges (P127)
Driver Information Interface (P128)

❚❚Audio System (P276)
Navigation System* 

❚() See Navigation System Manual

❚Climate Control System (P263, 268)

❚Rear Defogger (P213)

❚Heated Mirror Button* (P213)

❚Seat Heater Switches* (P257)
Seat Heater and Seat Ventilation 

❚Switches* (P258)

❚Hazard Warning Button
Shift Button
Automatic Transmission (P560)

❚❚Center Pocket* (P243)
Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System* (P411)

❚ ❚ECON Button (P574)

❚ ❚Electric Parking Brake Switch (P640) ❚SNOW Button (P575)
Automatic Brake Hold Button (P644) ❚Auto Idle Stop OFF Button (P569)

Driving Position Memory System Buttons* (P216)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  7 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
❚Headlights/Turn Signals (P201, 202)
❚Fog Lights* (P205)
❚LaneWatchTM* (P586)
❚Paddle Shifter (Shift down) (P567)
❚ 3 / 4  Button (P130)
❚Steering Wheel Adjustments (P218)
❚Brightness Control (P215)

❚Heated Steering Wheel Button* (P256)
❚Paddle Shifter (Shift up) (P567)
❚Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow Buttons* (P603)
❚ Interval Button* (P612)
❚Wipers/Washers (P210)
❚Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) Button* 

(P620)

❚ENGINE START/STOP Button (P198)
❚  Button (P603, 620)
❚Horn (Press an area around .)
❚  (home) Button (P130, 282)
❚Navigation System Voice Control Buttons* 

() See Navigation System Manual
❚Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® System 

Buttons (P487, 512)
❚ENTER Button (P130)
❚Audio Remote Control Buttons (P281)

* Not available on all models
 7



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  8 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Visual Index

8

Quick Reference Guide
❚Power Window Switches (P194)

❚Master Door Lock Switch (P168)

❚Door Mirror Controls (P220)

❚Rearview Mirror (P219)

❚HomeLink® Buttons* (P485)

❚Driver Side Fuse Box (P749)

❚Driver’s Front Airbag (P52)

❚Passenger’s Front Airbag 
(P52)
❚Glove Box (P241)

❚
❚USB Port* (P277)

Accessory Power Socket 

❚(P250)
AC Power Outlet* (P252)
❚Passenger’s Knee Airbag 

(P57)
❚Wireless Charger* (P253)

❚Auxiliary Input Jack (P279)

❚ ❚USB Port(s) (P277)

❚Driver’s Knee Airbag (P57)
Hood Release Handle (P676)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  9 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
❚❚Seat Belt (Installing a Child Seat) (P77)

❚Seat Belt to Secure a Child Seat (P79)
Grab Handle
❚Coat Hooks (P246)
❚❚ Integrated Sunshades* (P259)

Map Lights (P240)

❚❚Side Curtain Airbags (P62)

❚Seat Belts (P40)
Grab Handle
❚❚Sunglasses Holder (P249)

❚Moonroof Switch* (P197)

❚Map Lights (P240)

❚ LINK Button* (P370)

❚ASSIST Button* (P536)

❚Sun Visors
Vanity Mirrors
❚❚ Front Seat (P222)

Side Airbags (P60)
❚Second Row Seat (P225)

❚HDMITM Port*

❚  (P414)
USB Ports* (P277)

❚ LATCH to Secure a Child Seat (P72)

❚Second Row Multi-Functional Center Seat* (P225, 227)

❚Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor (P45)

* Not available on all models
 9



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  10 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Visual Index

10

Quick Reference Guide
❚HondaVACTM* (P260)
❚Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor (P45)
❚ Integrated Sunshades* (P259)
❚Map Lights (P240)

❚
❚USB Port* (P277)

Headphone Connector* (P413)

❚Overhead Screen* (P414)

❚Third Row Seat (P230)

❚ LATCH to Secure a Child Seat (P72)
❚One-Motion 60/40 Split 3rd-Row Magic Seat® (P231)

❚Accessory Power Socket (P250)

❚Seat Belt (Installing a Child Seat) (P77)
❚Seat Belt to Secure a Child Seat (P79)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  11 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
❚Maintenance Under the Hood (P675)
❚Windshield Wipers (P210, 695)
❚Power Door Mirrors (P220)
❚Side Turn Signal Lights* (P201, 690)
❚Door Lock/Unlock Control (P159)
❚Headlights (P202, 688)
❚Daytime Running Lights/Parking Lights (P206, 688)

❚ Front Side Marker Lights (P202, 690)

❚ Front Turn Signal Lights (P201, 689)

❚Tires (P699, 725)

❚ Fog Lights* (P205, 688)

❚Opening/Closing the Sliding Doors (P182)

❚How to Refuel (P662)
❚High-Mount Brake Light (P694)

❚Opening/Closing the Tailgate (P171)
❚❚Tailgate Outer Handle (P172, 178)

Rear License Plate Light (P694)
❚Multi-View Rear Camera (P659)
❚
❚Back-Up Lights (P693)

Taillights (P693)
❚Brake Lights (P691)
❚❚Rear Side Marker/Taillights (P691)

Rear Turn Signal Lights (P691)

* Not available on all models
 11



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  12 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

12

Quick Reference Guide
Auto Idle Stop Function
To improve fuel economy, the engine stops and then restarts as detailed below. When Auto Idle Stop is on, the Auto Idle Stop indicator 
(green) comes on. (P 568)

At Automatic transmission Engine status

Deceleration

On
Stop the vehicle and depress the brake pedal.

Stop
U.S. Canada

With the automatic brake hold system activated, 
Keep the brake pedal you can release the brake pedal when the  Off
depressed. indicator comes on.

Start-up

Release the brake pedal. With the automatic brake hold system activated, Restarting
depress the accelerator pedal.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  13 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Eco Assist® System (P 574)

Ambient Meter
The color of the ambient meter changes to 
green to indicate that the vehicle is being 
driven in a fuel efficient manner.

ECON Button (P 574) The message is displayed for a few seconds when the 
Helps maximize fuel economy. ECON button is pressed.

ECON Mode Indicator (P 99)
Comes on when the ECON button is pressed.
13



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  14 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

14

Quick Reference Guide
Safe Driving (P35)

Airbags (P49)
● Your vehicle is fitted with airbags to help protect you and 

your passengers during a moderate-to-severe collision.

Child Safety (P67)
● All children 12 and younger should be seated in the rear seat.
● Smaller children should be properly restrained in a forward-facing child seat.
● Infants must be properly restrained in a rear-facing child seat.

Exhaust Gas Hazard (P85)
● Your vehicle emits dangerous exhaust gases that contain carbon 

monoxide. Do not run the engine in confined spaces where 
carbon monoxide gas can accumulate.

Seat Belts (P40)
● Fasten your seat belt and sit upright well 

back in the seat.
● Check that your passengers are wearing 

their seat belts correctly.
Before Driving Checklist (P39)
● Before driving, check that the front seats, head 

restraints, steering wheel, and mirrors have been 
properly adjusted. Fasten your lap belt as 

low as possible.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  15 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Instrument Panel (P87)

Indicators (P88)/Driver Information Interface (P128)/ System Indicators
Gauges (P127) Turn Signal and Hazard 

Warning Indicators
System Indicators M (Sequential mode) Indicator/

Sequential Mode Gear Selection Low Tire Pressure/TPMS 
Malfunction Indicator 

Indicator Indicator
Lamp
Charging System Temperature Gauge Tachometer

U.S. Parking Brake and 
Indicator Speedometer Brake System Indicator 
Electric Power Steering (Red)
(EPS) System Indicator Canada

Low Fuel Indicator Seat Belt Reminder 
Indicator

Vehicle Stability 
AssistTM (VSA Supplemental Restraint 

®) System 
Indicator System Indicator

VSA Econ Mode Indicator
® OFF Indicator

Automatic Brake Hold Auto Idle Stop System 
System Indicator Indicator (Amber)/

Auto Idle Stop 
Indicator (Green)

U.S. Automatic Brake Hold Auto Idle Stop OFF 
Indicator Gear Position Indicator/ Driver Information Interface Fuel Gauge Indicator

Canada Transmission System Auto Idle Stop 
Indicator Immobilizer System Indicator/

Security System Alarm Indicator Suspend Indicator
System Indicators

Parking Brake and Snow Mode Indicator
U.S. Lane Keeping Assist 

Brake System Indicator Lights Indicators
System (LKAS) Normal Mode 

(Amber) Indicator (Green/ Lights On Indicator Indicator
Canada Amber/White)

High Beam Indicator System Message 
Adaptive Cruise 

Anti-lock Brake System Indicator
Control (ACC) with 

(ABS) Indicator Fog Light Indicator*

Low Speed Follow Safety Support 
Cruise Mode Indicator Indicator (Green/ Auto High-Beam Indicator (Green/
(White/Green) Amber/White) Indicator Amber/Gray)

* Not available on all models
 15



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  16 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

16

Quick Reference Guide
Controls (P153)
Clock (P154)

Models with color audio system

a Press and hold the MENU/CLOCK 
button for two seconds.

b Select Adjust Clock, then press .

c Rotate  to adjust the hours.

d Press  to switch to minute 
adjustment.

e Rotate  to adjust the minutes.

f Press  to switch to Set.

g Press  to complete clock adjustment.
Models with Display Audio
To adjust time

To adjust date

Blu-Ray
Phone Navigati.. FM 12:34

Set Date

XX
Month Day Year

Save Cancel

a Select , then select Settings.

b Select System, then Date & Time.

c Select Set Date & Time.

d Select Automatic Date & Time, then 
select OFF.
e Select Set Date or Set Time.

f Adjust the dates, hours and minutes by 
selecting 3 /4 .

g Select Save to set the time.

Models with navigation system
The navigation system receives signals from 
GPS satellites, updating the clock 
automatically.

ENGINE START/STOP 
Button (P198)

Press the button to change the vehicle’s 
power mode.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  17 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Turn Signals (P201)

Turn Signal Control Lever

Lights (P202)

Light Control Switches

High Beam

Low Beam

Flashing
Wipers and Washers 
(P210)

Wiper/Washer Control Lever
Adjustment Ring
(-: Low sensitivity*1

(- : Lower speed, fewer sweeps*2

(+: High sensitivity*1

(+ : Higher speed, more sweeps*2

Pull toward 
you to spray 
washer fluid.

MIST
OFF
AUTO*1: Wiper speed varies automatically
INT*2: Low speed with intermittent
LO: Low speed wipe
HI: High speed wipe

*1:Models with automatic intermittent 
wipers

*2:Models without automatic intermittent 
wipers

Models with automatic intermittent wipers
AUTO should always be turned OFF before 
the following situation in order to prevent 
severe damage to the wiper system:
● Cleaning the windshield
● Driving through a car wash
● No rain present
Steering Wheel (P218)

To adjust, push the adjustment lever down, 
adjust to the desired position, then pull up 
the lever back in place.

To adjust

Lever To lock
17



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  18 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

18

Quick Reference Guide
Unlocking the Front 
Doors from the Inside 
(P167)

Pull either front door inner handle to unlock 
and open it at the same time.

Power Sliding Door* 
(P184)

When the main switch is ON, the power 
sliding door opens and closes automatically 
when you press OPEN or CLOSE side of the 

/  switch.
Tailgate (P171)

Models with Hands Free Access
Raise and lower your foot (in a kicking 
motion) under the center of the rear 
bumper to open or close the tailgate with 
the remote on you.
Models without smart entry system
● With all the doors unlocked, press the 

tailgate outer handle and lift open the 
tailgate.

Models with smart entry system
● Press the tailgate outer handle to unlock 

and open the tailgate when you carry the 
remote.

Models with the power tailgate
● Press the power tailgate button on the 

instrument panel or the remote to open 
and close the power tailgate.

● Press the tailgate inner button to close 
the power tailgate.

Tailgate Outer Handle



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  19 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Power Door Mirrors 
(P220)
● With the power mode in ON, move the 

selector switch to L or R.
● Push the appropriate edge of the 

adjustment switch to adjust the mirror.
● Press the folding button* to fold the door 

mirrors in and out.

Folding 
Button*

Selector Switch
Adjustment Switch

Models with driving position memory system
● Place the selector switch in the L or R 

position to use the reverse tilt door mirror 
feature.
Power Windows (P194)
● With the power mode in ON, open and 

close the power windows.
● If the power window lock button is in the 

off position, each passenger’s window 
can be opened and closed with its own 
switch.

● If the power window lock button is in the 
on position (indicator is on), each 
passenger’s window switch is disabled.

Power Window 
Lock Button

Indicator

Window Switch
* Not available on all models
 19



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  20 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

20

Quick Reference Guide
Climate Control System (P263, 268)
● Press the AUTO button to activate the climate control system.
● Press the  button to turn the system on or off.
● Press the  button to defrost the windshield.

Dual-zone climate control system

A/C (Air Conditioning) Button  (Windshield Defroster) Button

SYNC (Synchronized) Button  (Recirculation) Button

AUTO Button REAR SETTINGS Button

 (On/Off) Button REAR  Button

Temperature Control Switch Fan Control Switch

MODE Control Button

Air flows from floor and 
windshield defroster vents.
Air flows from floor vents.
Air flows from floor and 
dashboard vents.
Air flows from dashboard 
vents.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  21 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide

Tri-zone climate control system

Mode Control 
Icon (Air flows 
from floor 
vents)

Mode Control 
Icon (Air flows 

Fan Control from floor and 
Icon windshield 
A/C (Air defroster vents)
Conditioning) 
Icon
Mode Control Icon Mode Control Icon (Air 
(Air flows from flows from floor and 
dashboard vents) dashboard vents)

AUTO Button  (Recirculation) Button

FRONT REAR 
CLIMATE CLIMATE 
Button Button

Driver’s Side Passenger’s 
Temperature Side 
Control Temperature 
Switch Control 

Switch

 (On/Off) Button  (Windshield Defroster) 
SYNC Button
(Synchronized) Button Fan Control Button
Rear Climate Control Panel*

● Press the AUTO button to activate the 
rear climate control system.

● Press the  button to turn the system 
on or off.

Rear Passenger  (Fan Control) 
Compartment Button
Temperature 
Control Buttons

AUTO Button  (On/Off) 
Button

Air flows Airflow is Air flows 
from the divided from the 
rear floor between the rear ceiling 
vents. rear floor vents.

vents and 
rear ceiling 
vents.

* Not available on all models
 21



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  22 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

22

Quick Reference Guide
Features (P275)

Audio System (P276)

Models with color audio system  (P 284)

 (Day/Night) Button Audio/Information Screen

 (Phone) Button

RADIO Button
MEDIA Button  (Sound) Button

VOL /  (Volume/Power) Selector Knob
Knob

MENU/CLOCK Button

 /   (Back) Button
(Seek/Skip) Buttons

Preset Buttons (1-6)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  23 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Models with Display Audio  (P 302)
For navigation system operation () See the Navigation System Manual

 (Home) Icon
 (Back) Icon
 (Day/Night) Icon

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) Knob

Audio/Information Screen

Models with Blu-rayTM or CD player

Disc Slot

 (Eject) Button
23



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  24 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

24

Quick Reference Guide
Audio Remote Controls 
(P281)

Models with color audio system

 /  Buttons
(+ / (- Bar

SOURCE 
Button

● (+ / (- Bar
Press to adjust the volume up/down.

● SOURCE Button
Press to change the audio mode: 
FM1/FM2/AM/USB/iPod/
Bluetooth® Audio/AUX

●  /  Buttons
Radio: Press to change the preset station.

Press and hold to select the next or 
previous strong station.

USB device/Bluetooth® Audio:
Press to skip to the beginning of 
the next song or return to the 
beginning of the current song.
Press and hold to change a folder.
Models with Display Audio

3  / 4  /  /  Buttons
(+ / (- Bar

ENTER Button

● (+ / (- Bar
Press to adjust the volume up/down.

● 3  / 4  /  /  /ENTER Buttons
Press 3  or 4  to select Now Playing on 
the home screen of the driver 
information interface, and then press the 
ENTER button.

Press 3  or 4  to cycle through the audio 
mode as follows:
Android Auto/Apple CarPlay/SiriusXM®*/
Rear Entertainment*/AUX Input/AM/
Bluetooth® Audio/Social Playlist/FM/My 
Honda Music/USB/iPod/CD*
Radio: Press  /  to change the 
preset station.

CD*/USB device/My Honda Music/
Bluetooth® Audio:

Press  /  to skip to the 
beginning of the next song or 
return to the beginning of the 
current song.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  25 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Driving (P 539)

Automatic Transmission (P 560)
● Always depress the brake pedal before selecting (P or changing the gear position from (P.
● Select (P and depress the brake pedal when starting the engine.
● Gear selection

Gear Position Indicator
The gear position indicator and 
the shift button indicator 
indicate the current gear 
selection.

Shift 
Button 

Gear Position Indicator Indicator

* Not available on all models
 25



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  26 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

26

Quick Reference Guide
Park
Press the (P button.
Used when parking or before turn off or start the engine.
Transmission is locked.

Reverse
Pull back the (R button.
Used when reversing.

Neutral
Press the (N button.
Transmission is not locked.

Drive/S Position
Each time you press the D/S  button, the mode switches 
between Drive and S Position mode.
Drive
● Normal driving (gears change between 1st and 10th 

automatically)
● Temporarily driving in the sequential mode
S Position
● Automatically changing gears between 1st and 8th 

(8th gear is used only at high speed)
● Driving in the sequential mode



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  27 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Paddle Shifters (P 567)
● Paddle shifters allow you to shift gears much like a manual 

transmission (1st through 10th). This is useful for engine braking.
● D-paddle shift mode: The 

transmission will shift back to 
Gear Position Indicator automatic mode once the 

system detects that the vehicle 
M (sequential 

is cruising.
mode) ● Sequential mode gear 
Indicator

selection: Holds the selected 
gear, and the M (sequential 
mode) indicator comes on.

● The sequential mode gear 
Sequential Mode Gear selection is shown in the 
Selection Indicator instrument panel.

Shift Down (- Shift Up (+ 
Paddle Shifter Paddle Shifter
27



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  28 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

28

Quick Reference Guide
VSA® On and Off (P577)
● The Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®) 

system helps stabilize the vehicle during 
cornering, and helps maintain traction 
while accelerating on loose or slippery 
road surfaces.

● VSA® comes on automatically every time 
you start the engine.

● To partially disable or fully restore VSA® 
function, press and hold the button until 
you hear a beep.

CMBSTM On and Off 
(P 595)
● When a possible collision is likely 

unavoidable, the CMBSTM can help you to 
reduce the vehicle speed and the severity 
of the collision.

● The CMBSTM is turned on every time you 
start the engine.

● To turn the CMBSTM on or off, use the 
safety support switch.
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire 
Fill Assist (P 579, 745)
● The TPMS monitors tire pressure.
● TPMS is turned on automatically every time you start the engine.
● TPMS fill assist provides audible and visual guidance during tire pressure adjustment.

Refueling (P 661)

Fuel recommendation: Unleaded gasoline, pump octane number 87 or higher
Fuel tank capacity: 19.5 US gal (73.8 L)

a Unlock the driver’s 
door.
2 Locking/Unlocking 

the Doors from the 
Inside (P 166)

b Press firmly and then 
release the area 
indicated by the 
arrow to release the 
fuel filler door.

c After refueling, wait Wait for five seconds
for about five 
seconds before 
removing the filler 
nozzle.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  29 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Honda Sensing® (P588)
Quick Reference Guide
Honda Sensing® is a driver support system 
which employs the use of two distinctly 
different kinds of sensors, a radar sensor 
located in the front grille and a front sensor 
camera mounted to the interior side of the 
windshield, behind the rear view mirror.

The camera is located 
behind the rearview 
mirror.

Front Sensor 
Camera

Radar Sensor

The radar sensor is 
in the front grille.
Collision Mitigation 
Braking SystemTM 
(CMBSTM) (P 591)

Can assist you when there is a possibility of 
your vehicle colliding with a vehicle or a 
pedestrian detected in front of yours. The 
CMBSTM is designed to alert you when a 
potential collision is determined, as well as 
to reduce your vehicle speed to help 
minimize collision severity when a collision is 
deemed unavoidable.

Adaptive Cruise Control 
(ACC) with Low Speed 
Follow (P602)

Helps maintain a constant vehicle speed and 
a set following-interval behind a vehicle 
detected ahead of yours and, if the detected 
vehicle comes to a stop, can decelerate and 
stop your vehicle, without you having to 
keep your foot on the brake or the 
accelerator.
Lane Keeping Assist 
System (LKAS) (P 618)

Provides steering input to help keep the 
vehicle in the middle of a detected lane and 
provides tactile and visual alerts if the 
vehicle is detected drifting out of its lane.

Road Departure 
Mitigation (RDM) System 
(P 627)

Alerts and helps to assist you when the 
system detects a possibility of your vehicle 
unintentionally crossing over detected lane 
markings.

Traffic Sign Recognition 
System (P 632)

Reminds you of road sign information, such 
as the current speed limit, your vehicle has 
just passed through, showing it on the 
driver information interface.
29



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  30 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

30

Quick Reference Guide
Maintenance (P665)

Under the Hood (P675)
● Check engine oil, engine coolant, and windshield washer fluid. 

Add when necessary.
● Check brake fluid.
● Check the battery condition monthly.

a Wiper Blades (P695)
Pull the hood release handle under the corner of the 
dashboard. ● Replace blades if they leave 

streaks across the windshield.

b Locate the hood latch lever, pull it up, and then raise the hood. 
Once you have raised the hood slightly, you can release the 
lever.

Tires (P699) Lights (P688)
● Inspect tires and wheels ● Inspect all lights regularly.

regularly.
● Check tire pressures 

regularly.
● Install snow tires for winter 

c When finished, close the hood and make sure it is firmly locked driving.
in place.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  31 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Handling the Unexpected (P723)
Quick Reference Guide
Flat Tire (P725)
● Park in a safe location and replace the 

flat tire with the compact spare tire under 
the floor between the front seats and the 
second row seats.

Indicators Come On 
(P 741)
● Identify the indicator and consult the 

owner’s manual.
Engine Won’t Start (P734)
● If the battery is dead, jump start using a 

booster battery.

Blown Fuse (P747)
● Check for a blown fuse if an electrical 

device does not operate.
Overheating (P739)
● Park in a safe location. If you do not see 

steam under the hood, open the hood, 
and let the engine cool down.

Emergency Towing (P754)
● Call a professional towing service if you 

need to tow your vehicle.
31



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  32 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

32

Quick Reference Guide
What to Do If
Canadian models ● The steering wheel may be locked.
The power mode does not ● Move the steering wheel left and right after 
change from VEHICLE OFF pressing the ENGINE START/STOP button.
(LOCK) to ACCESSORY. 
Why?

Why does the brake pedal This can occur when the ABS activates and does not indicate a 
pulsate slightly when problem. Apply firm, steady pressure on the brake pedal. Never 
applying the brakes? pump the brake pedal.

2 Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) (P646)

The rear door cannot be Check if the childproof lock is in the 
opened from inside the lock position. If so, open the rear 
vehicle. Why? door with the outside door handle.

To cancel this function, slide the lever 
up to the unlock position.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  33 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Quick Reference Guide
Why do the doors lock If you do not open the doors within 30 seconds, the doors are 
after I unlocked the doors? relocked automatically for security.

Why does the beeper The beeper sounds when:
sound when I open the • The power mode is in ACCESSORY.
driver’s door? • The exterior lights are left on.

• The Auto Idle Stop is in operation.

Models with smart entry system The buzzer sounds if you move outside the walk away auto 
Why does a beeper sound door lock operating range before the door completely closes.
when I walk away from the 2 Locking the doors and tailgate (Walk away auto lock®) (P161)
vehicle after I close the 
door?

Why does the beeper The beeper sounds when the driver and/or front passenger are 
sound when I start driving? not wearing their seat belts.

Why do I hear a screeching The brake pads may need to be replaced. Have your vehicle 
sound when I apply the inspected by a dealer.
brake pedal?
33



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  34 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

34

Quick Reference Guide
Pulling the electric parking Pull the electric parking brake switch with the brake pedal 
brake switch does not depressed.
release the parking brake. 
Why?

Depressing the accelerator ● Fasten the driver’s seat belt.
pedal does not release the ● Check if the transmission is in (P or (N. If so, select any other 
parking brake position.
automatically. Why?

Why does the gear position ● Fasten the driver’s seat belt.
automatically change to (P ● Close the driver’s door and manually change the gear 
when I open the driver’s position.
door to check for parking 2 When opening the driver’s door (P563)

space lines when 
reversing?

I’m seeing an amber The Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) needs attention.
indicator of a tire with an Check tire pressure.
exclamation point. What is 2 Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire Fill Assist (P579, 745)

that?



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  35 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Safe Driving
You can find many safety recommendations throughout this chapter, and throughout this manual.
For Safe Driving
Important Safety Precautions.............. 36
Your Vehicle’s Safety Features............ 38
Safety CheckList................................. 39

Seat Belts
About Your Seat Belts ........................ 40
Fastening a Seat Belt .......................... 43
Seat Belt Inspection............................ 48

Airbags
Airbag System Components ............... 49
Types of Airbags ................................ 52
Front Airbags (SRS) ............................ 52
Knee Airbags ..................................... 57
Side Airbags....................................... 60
Side Curtain Airbags .......................... 62
Airbag System Indicators.................... 63
Airbag Care ....................................... 66

Child Safety
Protecting Child Passengers ............... 67
Safety of Infants and Small Children... 69
Safety of Larger Children ................... 83

Exhaust Gas Hazard
Carbon Monoxide Gas ....................... 85
Safety Labels
Label Locations .................................. 86
35



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  36 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

36

Safe Driving
For Safe Driving
1Important Safety Precautions
Some states, provinces and territories prohibit the use 
of cell phones other than hands-free devices by the 
driver while driving.
The following pages explain your vehicle’s safety features and how to use them 
properly. The safety precautions below are ones that we consider to be among the 
most important.

Important Safety Precautions
■Always wear your seat belt
A seat belt is your best protection in all types of collisions. Airbags are designed to 
supplement seat belts, not replace them. So even though your vehicle is equipped 
with airbags, make sure you and your passengers always wear your seat belts, and 
wear them properly.

■Restrain all children
Children ages 12 and under should ride properly restrained in a back seat, not the 
front seat. Infants and small children should be restrained in a child seat. Larger 
children should use a booster seat and a lap/shoulder seat belt until they can use the 
belt properly without a booster seat.

■Be aware of airbag hazards
While airbags can save lives, they can cause serious or fatal injuries to occupants 
who sit too close to them, or are not properly restrained. Infants, young children, 
and short adults are at the greatest risk. Be sure to follow all instructions and 
warnings in this manual.

■Don’t drink and drive
Alcohol and driving don’t mix. Even one drink can reduce your ability to respond to 
changing conditions, and your reaction time gets worse with every additional drink. 
So don’t drink and drive, and don’t let your friends drink and drive, either.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  37 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFor Safe Drivingu Important Safety PrecautionsSafe Driving
■ Pay appropriate attention to the task of driving safely
Engaging in cell phone conversation or other activities that keep you from paying 
close attention to the road, other vehicles, and pedestrians could lead to a crash. 
Remember, situations can change quickly, and only you can decide when it is safe to 
divert some attention away from driving.

■Control your speed
Excessive speed is a major factor in crash injuries and deaths. Generally, the higher 
the speed, the greater the risk, but serious injuries can also occur at lower speeds. 
Never drive faster than is safe for current conditions, regardless of the maximum 
speed posted.

■Keep your vehicle in safe condition
Having a tire blowout or a mechanical failure can be extremely hazardous.
To reduce the possibility of such problems, check your tire pressures and condition 
frequently, and perform all regularly scheduled maintenance.

■Do not leave children unattended in the vehicle
Children, pets and people needing assistance left unattended in the vehicle may be 
injured if they activate one or more of the vehicle controls. They may also cause the 
vehicle to move, resulting in a crash in which they and/or another person(s) can be 
injured or killed. Also, depending on the ambient temperature, the temperature of 
the interior may reach extreme levels, which can result in harm or death.
Even if the climate control system is on, never leave them in the vehicle unattended 
as the climate control system can shut off at any time.
37



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  38 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFor Safe DrivinguYour Vehicle’s Safety Features

1Your Vehicle’s Safety Features
Your vehicle is equipped with many features that 
work together to help protect you and your 
passengers during a crash.

Some features do not require any action on your part. 
These include a strong steel framework that forms a 
safety cage around the passenger compartment, 
front and rear crush zones, a collapsible steering 
column, and tensioners that tighten the front seat 
belts in a sufficient crash.

However, you and your passengers cannot take full 
advantage of these features unless you remain seated 
in the correct position and always wear your seat 
belts. In fact, some safety features can contribute to 
injuries if they are not used properly.

38

Safe Driving
Your Vehicle’s Safety Features

10 9 10

6

11

7
9

11

12

Safety Cage
8 8 7 Crush Zones

Seats and Seat-Backs
Head Restraints
Collapsible Steering Column

6 Seat Belts
7 Front Airbags
8 Knee Airbags
9 Side Airbags

10 Side Curtain Airbags
11 Door Locks
12 Seat Belt Tensioners

The following checklist will help you take an active role in protecting yourself and 
your passengers.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  39 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFor Safe DrivinguSafety CheckList

1Safety CheckList
If the door and/or tailgate open message appears on 
the driver information interface, a door and/or the 
tailgate is not completely closed. Close all doors and 
the tailgate tightly until the message disappears.

2 Driver Information Interface Warning and 
Information Messages P. 108

Safe Driving
Safety CheckList
For the safety of you and your passengers, make a habit of checking these items 
each time before you drive.
• After everyone has entered the vehicle, be sure all doors and the tailgate are 

closed and locked. Locking the doors and the tailgate helps prevent an occupant 
from being ejected and an outsider from unexpectedly opening a door or the 
tailgate.

2 Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside P. 166
• Adjust your seat to a position suitable for driving. Be sure the front seats are 

adjusted as far to the rear as possible while allowing the driver to control the 
vehicle. Sitting too close to a front airbag can result in serious or fatal injury in a 
crash.

2 Seats P. 222
• Adjust head restraints to the proper position. Head restraints are most effective 

when the center of the head restraint aligns with the center of your head. Taller 
persons should adjust their head restraint to the highest position.

2 Adjusting the Front and Second Row Outer and Third Row Outer Head 
Restraints Positions P. 235

• Always wear your seat belt, and make sure you wear it properly. Confirm that any 
passengers are properly belted as well.

2 Fastening a Seat Belt P. 43
• Protect children by using seat belts or child seats according to a child’s age, height 

and weight.
2 Child Safety P. 67
39



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  40 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

40

Safe Driving
Seat Belts
1About Your Seat Belts

3WARNING
Not wearing a seat belt properly increases 
the chance of serious injury or death in a 
crash, even though your vehicle has 
airbags.

Be sure you and your passengers always 
wear seat belts and wear them properly.

Seat belts cannot completely protect you in every 
crash. But in most cases, seat belts can reduce your 
risk of serious injury.

Most states and all Canadian provinces and territories 
require you to wear seat belts.

If you extend the seat belt too quickly, it will lock in 
place. If this happens, slightly retract the seat belt, 
then extend it slowly.
About Your Seat Belts
Seat belts are the single most effective safety device because they keep you 
connected to the vehicle so that you can take advantage of many built-in safety 
features. They also help keep you from being thrown against the inside of the 
vehicle, against any passengers, or out of the vehicle. When worn properly, seat 
belts also keep your body properly positioned in a crash so that you can take full 
advantage of the additional protection provided by the airbags.

In addition, seat belts help protect you in almost every type of crash, including:
- frontal impacts
- side impacts
- rear impacts
- rollovers

■ Lap/shoulder seat belts
All seven or eight seating positions are equipped with lap/shoulder seat belts with 
emergency locking retractors. In normal driving the retractor lets you move freely 
while keeping some tension on the belt.
During a collision or sudden stop the retractor locks to restrain your body. The front, 
second, and third row passenger’s seat belts also have a lockable retractor for use 
with child seats.

2 Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder Seat Belt P. 77



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  41 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuAbout Your Seat Belts

1About Your Seat Belts
If a rear seat passenger moves around and extends 
the seat belt, the lockable retractor may activate. If 
this happens, release the retractor by unfastening the 
seat belt and allow the belt to retract completely. 
Then refasten the belt.

1Seat Belt Reminder
The indicator will also come on if a front passenger 
does not fasten their seat belt within six seconds after 
the power mode is set to ON.
When no one is sitting in the front passenger’s seat, 
the indicator will not come on and the beeper will not 
sound. The indicator also may not come on and the 
beeper may not sound when the occupant is not 
heavy enough to trigger the weight sensor. Such 
occupants (e.g., infants and smaller children) should 
be moved to the rear seat as a deploying front airbag 
likely will injure or kill them.

2 Protecting Child Passengers P. 67

Safe Driving
■ Proper use of seat belts
Follow these guidelines for proper use:
• All occupants should sit upright, well back in the seat, and remain in that position 

for the duration of the trip. Slouching and leaning reduce the effectiveness of the 
belt and can increase the chance of serious injury in a crash.

• Never place the shoulder part of a lap/shoulder seat belt under your arm or 
behind your back. This could cause very serious injuries in a crash.

• Two people should never use the same seat belt. If they do, they could be very 
seriously injured in a crash.

• Do not put any accessories on the seat belts. Devices intended to improve comfort 
or reposition the shoulder part of a seat belt can reduce the protective capability 
and increase the chance of serious injury in a crash.

■Seat Belt Reminder
The seat belt system includes an indicator on 
the instrument panel to remind the driver or a 
front passenger or both to fasten their seat 
belts.
If you set the power mode to ON and a seat 
belt is not fastened, a beeper will sound and 
the indicator will blink. After a few seconds, 
the beeper will stop and the indicator will 
come on and remain illuminated until the seat 
belt is fastened.

The beeper will periodically sound and the 
indicator will blink while the vehicle is moving 
until the seat belt is fastened.
Continued 41



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  42 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuAbout Your Seat Belts

1Automatic Seat Belt Tensioners
The seat belt tensioners can only operate once.
If a tensioner is activated, the SRS indicator will come 
on. Have a dealer replace the tensioner and 
thoroughly inspect the seat belt system as it may not 
offer protection in a subsequent crash.

During a moderate-to-severe side impact, the 
tensioner on that side of the vehicle also activates.

42

Safe Driving
■Automatic Seat Belt Tensioners
The front seats are equipped with automatic seat belt tensioners to enhance safety.

The tensioners automatically tighten the front seat belts during a moderate-to-
severe frontal collision, sometimes even if the collision is not severe enough to 
inflate the front airbags or the knee airbags.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  43 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuFastening a Seat Belt

1Fastening a Seat Belt
No one should sit in a seat with an inoperative seat 
belt or one that does not appear to be working 
correctly. Using a seat belt that is not working 
properly may not protect the occupant in a crash. 
Have a dealer check the belt as soon as possible.

Never insert any foreign objects into the buckle or 
retractor mechanism.

If the seat belt appears to be locked in a fully 
retracted position, firmly pull out on the shoulder belt 
once, then push it back in.
Then smoothly pull it out of the retractor and fasten.  
If you are unable to release the seat belt from a fully 
retracted position, do not allow anyone to sit in the 
seat, and take your vehicle to a dealer for repair.

2 About Your Seat Belts P. 40
2 Seat Belt Inspection P. 48

Safe Driving
Fastening a Seat Belt
After adjusting a front seat to the proper position, and while sitting upright and well 
back in the seat:

2 Seats P. 222
1. Pull the seat belt out slowly.

Pull out slowly.

Correct 
Seated 
Posture.

Latch 2. Insert the latch plate into the buckle, then 
Plate tug on the belt to make sure the buckle is 

secure.
u Make sure that the belt is not twisted or 

caught on anything.

Buckle
Continued 43



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  44 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuFastening a Seat Belt

1Fastening a Seat Belt

3WARNING
Improperly positioning the seat belts can 
cause serious injury or death in a crash.

Make sure all seat belts are properly 
positioned before driving.

To release the belt, push the red PRESS button and 
then guide the belt by hand until it has retracted 
completely.
When exiting the vehicle, be sure the belt is properly 
stowed so that it will not get caught in the closing 
door.

1Adjusting the Shoulder Anchor
The shoulder anchor height can be adjusted to four 
levels. If the belt contacts your neck, lower the height 
one level at a time.

After an adjustment, make sure that the shoulder 
anchor position is secure.

44

Safe Driving
3. Position the lap part of the belt as low as 
possible across your hips, then pull up on 
the shoulder part of the belt so the lap part 

Lap belt 
as low as fits snugly. This lets your strong pelvic 
possible bones take the force of a crash and reduces 

the chance of internal injuries.
4. If necessary, pull up on the belt again to 

remove any slack, then check that the belt 
rests across the center of your chest and 
over your shoulder. This spreads the forces 
of a crash over the strongest bones in your 
upper body.

■Adjusting the Shoulder Anchor
The front seats have adjustable shoulder anchors to accommodate taller and shorter 
occupants.

1. Move the anchor up and down while 
pulling the shoulder anchor outward.

2. Position the anchor so that the belt rests 
Pull across the center of your chest and over 
outward your shoulder.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  45 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuFastening a Seat Belt

1Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor

3WARNING
Using the seat belt with the detachable 
anchor unlatched increases the chance of 
serious injury or death in a crash.

Before using the seat belt, make sure the 
detachable anchor is correctly latched.

Safe Driving
■Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor
Small Latch Plate 1. Pull out the seat belt’s small latch plate and 

the latch plate from each holding slot in the 
ceiling.

Latch Plate

Second row seat* 2. Line up the triangle marks on the small 
Anchor Buckle latch plate and anchor buckle.

Small Latch Plate Make sure the seat belt is not twisted.
Attach the belt to the anchor buckle.

Third row seat

Small 
Latch 
Plate

Anchor 
Buckle
* Not available on all models Continued 45



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  46 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuFastening a Seat Belt

1Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor
To unlatch the detachable anchor, insert the latch 
plate into the slot on the side of the anchor buckle.

Latch Small 
Plate Latch 

Plate

Slot

Second row center seat*

Pivot down the anchor buckle forward.
Insert the latch plate into the slot on the back of the 
anchor buckle.

Latch Plate

Small Latch Slot
Plate

46

Safe Driving
Second row seat* 3. Insert the latch plate into the buckle. 
Latch Plate Properly fasten the seat belt the same way 

you fasten the lap/shoulder seat belt.

Buckle

Third row seat

Latch Plate

Buckle
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  47 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuFastening a Seat Belt

1Advice for Pregnant Women
Each time you have a checkup, ask your doctor if it is 
okay for you to drive.

To reduce the risk of injuries to both you and your 
unborn child that can be caused by an inflating front 
airbag:
• When driving, sit upright and adjust the seat as far 

back as possible while allowing full control of the 
vehicle.

• When sitting in the front passenger’s seat, adjust 
the seat as far back as possible.

Safe Driving
■Advice for Pregnant Women
If you are pregnant, the best way to protect yourself and your unborn child when 
driving or riding in a vehicle is to always wear a seat belt and keep the lap part of the 
belt as low as possible across the hips.

Wear the shoulder belt 
across the chest avoiding 
the abdomen.

Wear the lap part of the 
belt as low as possible 
across the hips.
47



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  48 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeat BeltsuSeat Belt Inspection

1Seat Belt Inspection

3WARNING
Not checking or maintaining seat belts can 
result in serious injury or death if the seat 
belts do not work properly when needed.

Check your seat belts regularly and have 
any problem corrected as soon as possible.

48

Safe Driving
Seat Belt Inspection
Regularly check the condition of your seat belts as follows:

• Pull each belt out fully, and look for frays, cuts, burns, and wear.
• Check that the latch plates and buckles work smoothly and the belts retract 

easily.
u If a belt does not retract easily, cleaning the belt may correct the problem. Only 

use a mild soap and warm water. Do not use bleach or cleaning solvents. Make 
sure the belt is completely dry before allowing it to retract.

Any belt that is not in good condition or working properly will not provide proper 
protection and should be replaced as soon as possible.
A belt that has been worn during a crash may not provide the same level of 
protection in a subsequent crash. Have your seat belts inspected by a dealer after 
any collision.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  49 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Airbags
9

12

Safe Driving
Airbag System Components

10 9 8 9 6

11

9

13

7

9
6

9

Continued 49



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  50 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag System Components

50

Safe Driving
The front, driver’s knee, front passenger’s 
knee, front side, and side curtain airbags are 
deployed according to the direction and 
severity of impact. Both side curtain airbags 
are deployed in a rollover. The airbag 
system includes:

aTwo SRS (Supplemental Restraint System) 
front airbags. The driver’s airbag is stored 
in the center of the steering wheel; the 
front passenger’s airbag is stored in the 
dashboard. Both are marked SRS 
AIRBAG.

bTwo knee airbags. The driver’s knee 
airbag is stored under the steering 
column; the front passenger’s knee 
airbag is stored under the glove box. 
Both are marked SRS AIRBAG.

cTwo side airbags, one for the driver and 
one for the front passenger. The airbags 
are stored in the outer edges of the seat-
backs. Both are marked SIDE AIRBAG.

dTwo side curtain airbags, one for each 
side of the vehicle. The airbags are stored 
in the ceiling, above the side windows. 
The front and rear pillars are marked 
SIDE CURTAIN AIRBAG.

eAn electronic control unit that, when the 
vehicle is on, continually monitors 
information about the various impact 
sensors, seat and buckle sensors, rollover 
sensor, airbag activators, seat belt 
tensioners, and other vehicle 
information. During a crash event the 
unit can record such information.

fAutomatic front seat belt tensioners. In 
addition, the driver’s and front 
passenger’s seat belt buckles incorporate 
sensors that detect whether or not the 
belts are fastened.

gDriver’s seat position sensor. This sensor 
detects the driver’s seat slide position to 
help determine the optimal deployment 
of the driver’s airbag.

hWeight sensors in the front passenger’s 
seat. The sensors are used for occupant 
classification to activate or deactivate the 
front passenger’s airbag.
i Impact sensors that can detect a 
moderate-to-severe front or side impact.

jAn indicator on the dashboard that alerts 
you that the front passenger’s front 
airbag has been turned off.

kAn indicator on the instrument panel that 
alerts you to a possible problem with your 
airbag system or seat belt tensioners.

lSafing Sensor

mA rollover sensor that can detect if your 
vehicle is about to roll over and signal the 
control unit to deploy both side curtain 
airbags.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  51 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag System Components

1Important facts about your airbags
Do not attempt to deactivate your airbags. Together, 
airbags and seat belts provide the best protection.

When driving, keep hands and arms out of the 
deployment path of the front airbag by holding each 
side of the steering wheel. Do not cross an arm over 
the airbag cover.

Safe Driving
■ Important facts about your airbags
Airbags can pose serious hazards. To do their job, airbags must inflate with 
tremendous force. So, while airbags help save lives, they can cause burns, bruises, 
and other minor injuries, sometimes even fatal ones if occupants are not wearing 
their seat belts properly and sitting correctly.

What you should do: Always wear your seat belt properly, and sit upright and as 
far back from the steering wheel as possible while allowing full control of the 
vehicle. A front passenger should move their seat as far back from the dashboard as 
possible.

Remember, however, that no safety system can prevent all injuries or deaths that 
can occur in a severe crash, even when seat belts are properly worn and the airbags 
deploy.

Do not place hard or sharp objects between yourself and a front airbag. 
Carrying hard or sharp objects on your lap, or driving with a pipe or other sharp 
object in your mouth, can result in injuries if your front airbag inflates.

Do not attach or place objects on the front, driver’s knee and front 
passenger’s knee airbag covers. Objects on the covers marked SRS AIRBAG 
could interfere with the proper operation of the airbags or be propelled inside the 
vehicle and hurt someone if the airbags inflate.
51



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  52 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuTypes of Airbags

1Types of Airbags
The airbags can inflate whenever the power mode is 
in ON.

After an airbag inflates in a crash, you may see a 
small amount of smoke. This is from the combustion 
process of the inflator material and is not harmful. 
People with respiratory problems may experience 
some temporary discomfort. If this occurs, get out of 
the vehicle as soon as it is safe to do so.

1Front Airbags (SRS)
During a frontal crash severe enough to cause one or 
both front airbags to deploy, the airbags can inflate 
at different rates, depending on the severity of the 
crash, whether or not the seat belts are latched, and/
or other factors. Frontal airbags are designed to 
supplement the seat belts to help reduce the 
likelihood of head and chest injuries in frontal 
crashes.

52

Safe Driving
Types of Airbags
Your vehicle is equipped with four types of airbags:
• Front airbags: Airbags in front of the driver’s and front passenger’s seats.
• Knee airbags: Airbags under the steering column and under the glove box.
• Side airbags: Airbags in the driver’s and front passenger’s seat-backs.
• Side curtain airbags: Airbags above the side windows.
Each is discussed in the following pages.

Front Airbags (SRS)
The front SRS airbags inflate in a moderate-to-severe frontal collision to help protect 
the head and chest of the driver and/or front passenger.

SRS (Supplemental Restraint System) indicates that the airbags are designed to 
supplement seat belts, not replace them. Seat belts are the occupant’s primary 
restraint system.

■Housing Locations
The front airbags are housed in the center of the steering wheel for the driver, and 
in the dashboard for the front passenger. Both airbags are marked SRS AIRBAG.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  53 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuFront Airbags (SRS)

1How the Front Airbags Work
Although the driver’s and front passenger’s airbags 
normally inflate within a split second of each other, it 
is possible for only one airbag to deploy. This can 
happen if the severity of a collision is at the margin, 
or threshold, that determines whether or not the 
airbags will deploy. In such cases, the seat belt will 
provide sufficient protection, and the supplemental 
protection offered by the airbag would be minimal.

Safe Driving
■Operation
Front airbags are designed to inflate during moderate-to-severe frontal collisions. 
When the vehicle decelerates suddenly, the sensors send information to the control 
unit which signals one or both front airbags to inflate.

A frontal collision can be either head-on or angled between two vehicles, or when a 
vehicle crashes into a stationary object, such as a concrete wall.

■How the Front Airbags Work
While your seat belt restrains your torso, the 
front airbag provides supplemental protection 
for your head and chest.

The front airbags deflate immediately so that 
they won’t interfere with the driver’s visibility 
or the ability to steer or operate other 
controls.

The total time for inflation and deflation is so fast that most occupants are not 
aware that the airbags deployed until they see them lying in front of them.
Continued 53



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  54 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuFront Airbags (SRS)

54

Safe Driving
■When front airbags should not deploy
Minor frontal crashes: Front airbags were designed to supplement seat belts and 
help save lives, not to prevent minor scrapes, or even broken bones that might occur 
during a less than moderate-to-severe frontal crash.
Side impacts: Front airbags can provide protection when a sudden deceleration 
causes a driver or front passenger to move toward the front of the vehicle. Side 
airbags and side curtain airbags have been specifically designed to help reduce the 
severity of injuries that can occur during a moderate-to-severe side impact which 
can cause the driver or passenger to move toward the side of the vehicle.
Rear impacts: Head restraints and seat belts are your best protection during a rear 
impact. Front airbags cannot provide any significant protection and are not designed 
to deploy in such collisions.
Rollovers: In a rollover, your best form of protection is a seat belt or, if your vehicle 
is equipped with a rollover sensor, both a seat belt and a side curtain airbag. Front 
airbags, however, are not designed to deploy in a rollover as they would provide 
little if any protection.
■When front airbags deploy with little or no visible damage
Because the airbag system senses sudden deceleration, a strong impact to the 
vehicle framework or suspension might cause one or more of the airbags to deploy. 
Examples include running into a curb, the edge of a hole, or other low fixed object 
that causes a sudden deceleration in the vehicle chassis. Since the impact is 
underneath the vehicle, damage may not be readily apparent.
■When front airbags may not deploy, even though exterior damage 

appears severe
Since crushable body parts absorb crash energy during an impact, the amount of 
visible damage does not always indicate proper airbag operation. In fact, some 
collisions can result in severe damage but no airbag deployment because the airbags 
would not have been needed or would not have provided protection even if they 
had deployed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  55 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuFront Airbags (SRS)

1Advanced Airbags
If there is a problem with the driver’s seat position 
sensor or the passenger’s seat weight sensors, the 
SRS indicator will come on, and in the event of a 
crash, the airbag will deploy (regardless of the driver’s 
seating position or passenger’s occupant 
classification) with a force corresponding to the 
severity of the impact.

2 Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) 
Indicator P. 63

For the advanced front airbags to work properly, 
confirm that:
• The occupant is sitting in an upright position, 

wearing the seat belt properly and the seat back is 
not excessively reclined.

• The occupant is not leaning against the door or 
center console.

• The occupant’s feet are placed on the floor in front 
of them.

• There are no objects hanging from the front 
passenger’s seat.

• Only small, lightweight objects are in the seat back 
pocket.

• The steering wheel and passenger’s side dashboard 
are not obstructed by any object.

• No liquid has been spilled on or under the seat.
• There is no child seat or other object pressing 

against the rear of the seat or seat back.
• There is no rear passenger pushing or pulling on 

the back of the front passenger’s seat.

Safe Driving
■Advanced Airbags
The airbags have advanced features to help reduce the likelihood of airbag related 
injuries to smaller occupants.

The driver’s advanced airbag system includes a 
seat position sensor.

Based on information from this sensor and the 
severity of the impact, the advanced airbag 
system determines the optimal deployment of 

Driver’s 
Seat the driver’s airbag.
Position 
Sensor
Continued 55



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  56 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuFront Airbags (SRS)

1Advanced Airbags
• There are no objects placed under or beside the 

front passenger’s seat. Improperly positioned 
objects can interfere with the advanced airbag 
sensors.

• The head restraint is not contacting the roof.
2 Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator 

P. 64
• The floor mat behind the front passenger’s seat is 

hooked to the floor mat anchor. An improperly 
placed mat can interfere with the advanced airbag 
sensors.

2 Floor Mats P. 715

56

Safe Driving
The front passenger’s advanced airbag system 
has weight sensors.  The sensors are used for 
occupant classification to activate or 
deactivate the front passenger’s airbag.

For adult size occupants, the system will 
Passenger’s 
Seat Weight automatically activate the front passenger’s 
Sensors airbag.  If a small adult sits in the front 

passenger seat and the system does not 
recognize him/her as an adult, see

2 Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator P. 64

We advise against allowing a child age 12 or 
under to ride in the front passenger’s seat.   
However, if you do allow a small child or 
infant to ride in the front passenger’s seat, the 
system is designed to automatically deactivate 
the front passenger’s airbag.  Do not let a 
small child or infant ride in the front 
passenger’s seat if the airbag does not 
automatically deactivate.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  57 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuKnee Airbags

1Knee Airbags
Do not attach accessories on or near a knee airbag as 
they can interfere with the proper operation of the 
airbag, or even hurt someone if the airbag inflates.

The driver and front passenger should not store any 
items under the seat or behind their feet. The items 
can interfere with proper airbag deployment in the 
event of a moderate to severe frontal collision and 
may result in inadequate protection.

Safe Driving
Knee Airbags
The knee SRS airbags inflate in a moderate-to-severe frontal collision to help keep 
the driver and/or front passenger in the proper position and to help maximize the 
benefit provided by the vehicle’s other safety features.

SRS (Supplemental Restraint System) indicates that the airbag is designed to 
supplement seat belts, not replace them. Seat belts are the occupant’s primary 
restraint system.

■Housing Locations
The knee airbag for the driver and the one for 
the front passenger are housed under the 
steering column and the glove box 
respectively.

Housing 
Location

Both are marked SRS AIRBAG.
Housing 
Location
Continued 57



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  58 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuKnee Airbags

58

Safe Driving
■Operation
When The driver’s and front passenger’s knee airbag 
inflated deploy at the same time as the driver’s and 

front passenger’s airbag respectively.

Even if the collision is not severe enough to 
deploy the front airbag, the knee airbag may 

Knee inflate alone.
Airbag

When 
inflated

Knee 
Airbag



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  59 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuKnee AirbagsSafe Driving
■When a knee airbag deploys with little or no visible damage
Because the airbag system senses sudden deceleration, a strong impact to the 
vehicle framework or suspension might cause one or more of the airbags to deploy.
Examples include running into a curb, the edge of a hole, or other low fixed object 
that causes a sudden deceleration in the vehicle chassis. Since the impact is 
underneath the vehicle, damage may not be readily apparent.

■When a knee airbag may not deploy, even though exterior damage 
appears severe

Since crushable body parts absorb crash energy during an impact, the amount of 
visible damage does not always indicate proper airbag operation. In fact, some 
collisions can result in severe damage but no airbag deployment because the airbags 
would not have been needed or would not have provided protection even if they 
had deployed.
59



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  60 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuSide Airbags

1Side Airbags
Make sure you and your front seat passenger always 
sit upright. Leaning into the path of a side airbag can 
prevent the airbag from deploying properly and 
increases your risk of serious injury.

Do not attach accessories on or near the side airbags. 
They can interfere with the proper operation of the 
airbags, or hurt someone if an airbag inflates.

Do not cover or replace the front seat-back covers 
without consulting a dealer.
Improperly replacing or covering front seat-back 
covers can prevent your side airbags from properly 
deploying during a side impact.

60

Safe Driving
Side Airbags
The side airbags help protect the torso and pelvis of the driver or a front passenger 
during a moderate-to-severe side impact.

■Housing Locations
The side airbags are housed in the outside 
edge of the driver’s and passenger’s seat-
backs.

Both are marked SIDE AIRBAG.

Housing 
Location

■Operation

When When the sensors detect a moderate-to-
inflated severe side impact, the control unit signals the 

side airbag on the impact side to immediately 
inflate.

Side 
Airbag



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  61 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuSide AirbagsSafe Driving
■When a side airbag deploys with little or no visible damage
Because the airbag system senses sudden acceleration, a strong impact to the side 
of the vehicle’s framework can cause a side airbag to deploy. In such cases, there 
may be little or no damage, but the side impact sensors detected a severe enough 
impact to deploy the airbag.

■When a side airbag may not deploy, even though visible damage appears 
severe

It is possible for a side airbag not to deploy during an impact that results in 
apparently severe damage. This can occur when the point of impact was toward the 
far front or rear of the vehicle, or when the vehicle’s crushable body parts absorbed 
most of the crash energy. In either case, the side airbag would not have been 
needed nor provided protection even if it had deployed.
61



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  62 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuSide Curtain Airbags

1Side Curtain Airbags
If the SRS control unit senses that your vehicle is 
about to rollover, it immediately deploys both side 
curtain airbags and activates both front seat belt 
tensioners.

If the impact is on the passenger’s side, the 
passenger’s side curtain airbag deploys even if there 
are no occupants on that side of the vehicle.

To get the best protection from the side curtain 
airbags, occupants should wear their seat belts 
properly and sit upright and well back in their seats.

Do not attach any objects to the side windows or roof 
pillars as they can interfere with the proper operation 
of the side curtain airbags.

62

Safe Driving
Side Curtain Airbags
The side curtain airbags help protect the heads of the driver and passengers in the 
outer seating positions during a moderate-to-severe side impact. The side curtain 
airbags equipped in this vehicle are also designed to help reduce the likelihood of 
partial and complete ejection of vehicle occupants through side windows in crashes, 
particularly rollover crashes.

■Housing Locations
The side curtain airbags are located in the 
ceiling above the side windows on both sides 
of the vehicle.

Side Curtain Airbag Storage

■Operation
The side curtain airbag is designed to deploy 
in a rollover or a moderate-to-severe side 
impact.

Deployed Side Curtain Airbag



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  63 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag System Indicators

1Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Indicator

3WARNING
Ignoring the SRS indicator can result in 
serious injury or death if the airbag systems 
or tensioners do not work properly.

Have your vehicle checked by a dealer as 
soon as possible if the SRS indicator alerts 
you to a possible problem.

Safe Driving
■When side curtain airbags deploy in a frontal collision
One or both side curtain airbags may also inflate in a moderate-to-severe angled 
frontal collision.

Airbag System Indicators
If a problem occurs in the airbag system, the SRS indicator will come on and a 
message appears on the driver information interface.

■Supplemental Restraint System (SRS) Indicator
■When the power mode is set to ON.
The indicator comes on for a few seconds, 
then goes off. This tells you the system is 
working properly.

If the indicator comes on at any other time, or does not come on at all, have the 
system checked by a dealer as soon as possible. If you don’t, your airbags and seat 
belt tensioners may not work properly when they are needed.
Continued 63



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  64 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag System Indicators

1Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator
To ensure the passenger is detected properly, confirm 
that:
• The occupant is sitting in an upright position, 

wearing the seat belt properly and the seat back is 
not excessively reclined.

• The occupant is not leaning against the door or 
center console.

• The occupant’s feet are placed on the floor in front 
of them.

• There are no objects hanging from the front 
passenger’s seat.

• Only small, lightweight objects are in the seat back 
pocket.

• No liquid has been spilled on or under the seat.
• There is no child seat or other object pressing 

against the rear of the seat or seat back.
• There is no rear passenger pushing or pulling on 

the back of the front passenger’s seat.
• There are no objects placed under or beside the 

front passenger’s seat. Improperly positioned 
objects can interfere with the advanced airbag 
sensors.

• The floor mat behind the front passenger’s seat is 
hooked to the floor mat anchor. An improperly 
placed mat can interfere with the advanced airbag 
sensors.

• The head restraint is not contacting the roof.

64

Safe Driving
■Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator
■When the passenger front airbag off 

U.S. indicator comes on
The indicator comes on to alert you that the 
front passenger’s airbag has been turned off.  
This occurs if the seat is empty or when the 

Canada weight sensors determine that a small child or 
infant is on the passenger seat.

Children age 12 or under should always ride properly restrained in a back seat.
2 Child Safety P. 67

If the indicator is on in the event of a crash, the front passenger’s airbag will not 
deploy. If your vehicle is equipped with a front passenger’s knee airbag, this airbag 
will not deploy either.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  65 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag System Indicators

1Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator
The passenger airbag off indicator may come on and 
go off periodically if the total weight on the seat is 
near the airbag cutoff threshold. For a small adult, 
depending on physique and posture, the system may 
not recognize him/her as an adult and thus deactivate 
the front passenger’s airbag.
If this occurs, please confirm that the conditions set 
forth in the above bullet points on the previous page 
are met.
If the above conditions are met and the indicator is 
still on, then with the transmission in park, turn the 
ignition off and back on.

Have your vehicle checked by a dealer as soon as 
possible if:
• All of the above conditions are met, and the 

indicator comes on with an adult seated in the 
front passenger seat.

• The seat is empty and the indicator is off.

Do not allow an adult passenger to ride in the front 
seat when the indicator is on.

Safe Driving
65



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  66 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAirbagsuAirbag Care

1Airbag Care
We recommend against the use of salvaged airbag 
system components, including the airbag, tensioners, 
sensors, and control unit.

66

Safe Driving
Airbag Care
You do not need to, and should not, perform any maintenance on or replace any 
airbag system components yourself. However, you should have your vehicle 
inspected by a dealer in the following situations:

■When the airbags have deployed
If an airbag has inflated, the control unit and other related parts must be replaced. 
Similarly, once an automatic seat belt tensioner has been activated, it must be 
replaced.

■When the vehicle has been in a moderate-to-severe collision
Even if the airbags did not inflate, have your dealer inspect the following: the driver’s 
seat position sensor, weight sensors in the passenger’s seat, front seat belt 
tensioners, and each seat belt that was worn during the crash.

■Do not remove or modify a front seat without consulting a dealer
This would likely disable or affect the proper operation of the driver’s seat position 
sensor or the weight sensors in the passenger’s seat. If it is necessary to remove or 
modify a front seat to accommodate a person with disabilities, contact a Honda 
dealer, or for U.S. vehicles, American Honda Automobile Customer Service at 1-800-
999-1009 and for Canadian vehicles, Honda Canada Customer Relations at 1-888-
9-HONDA-9.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  67 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Child Safety
1Protecting Child Passengers

3WARNING
Children who are unrestrained or 
improperly restrained can be seriously 
injured or killed in a crash.

Any child too small for a seat belt should be 
properly restrained in a child seat. A larger 
child should be properly restrained with a 
seat belt, using a booster seat if necessary.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
and Transport Canada recommend that all children 
ages 12 and under be properly restrained in a rear 
seat. Some states or provinces/territories have laws 
restricting where children may ride.

Safe Driving
Protecting Child Passengers
Each year, many children are injured or killed in vehicle crashes because they are 
either unrestrained or not properly restrained. In fact, vehicle crashes are the 
number one cause of death of children ages 12 and under.

To reduce the number of child deaths and injuries, every state, Canadian province 
and territory requires that infants and children be properly restrained when they ride 
in a vehicle.

Children should sit properly restrained in a rear seat. This is because:
• An inflating front or side airbag can injure 

or kill a child sitting in the front seat.

• A child in the front seat is more likely to 
interfere with the driver’s ability to safely 
control the vehicle.

• Statistics show that children of all sizes and 
ages are safer when they are properly 
restrained in a rear seat.
Continued 67



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  68 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuProtecting Child Passengers

1Protecting Child Passengers

3WARNING
Allowing a child to play with a seat belt or 
wrap one around their neck can result in 
serious injury or death.

Instruct children not to play with any seat 
belt and make sure any unused seat belt a 
child can reach is buckled, fully retracted, 
and locked.

To deactivate a lockable retractor, release the buckle 
and allow the seat belt to wind up all the way.

To remind you of the passenger’s front airbag 
hazards and child safety, your vehicle has warning 
labels on the dashboard (U.S. models) and on the 
front visors. Please read and follow the instructions 
on these labels.

2 Safety Labels P. 86

68

Safe Driving
• Any child who is too small to wear a seat belt correctly must be restrained in an 
approved child seat that is properly secured to the vehicle using either the seat 
belt or the lower anchors of the LATCH system.

• Never hold a child on your lap because it is impossible to protect them in the 
event of a collision.

• Never put a seat belt over yourself and a child. During a crash, the belt would 
likely press deep into the child and cause serious or fatal injuries.

• Never let two children use the same seat belt. Both children could be very 
seriously injured in a crash.

• Do not allow children to operate the doors, windows or seat adjustments.

• Do not leave children in the vehicle unattended, especially in hot weather when 
the inside of the vehicle can get hot enough to kill them. They could also activate 
vehicle controls causing it to move unexpectedly.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  69 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Protecting Infants

3WARNING
Placing a rear-facing child seat in the front 
seat can result in serious injury or death 
during a crash.

Always place a rear-facing child seat in the 
rear seat, not the front.

Many experts recommend use of a rear-facing seat 
for a child up to two years old if the child’s height and 
weight are appropriate for a rear-facing seat.

Rear-facing child seats should never be installed in a 
forward-facing position.

Always refer to the child seat manufacturer’s 
instructions before installation.

Do not allow a front seat to rest against a child seat 
installed in a rear seating position: The weight sensor 
in the front seat may not correctly detect the actual 
weight of the occupant.

Safe Driving
Safety of Infants and Small Children
■Protecting Infants
An infant must be properly restrained in a rear-facing, reclining child seat until the 
infant reaches the seat manufacturer’s weight or height limit for the seat, and the 
infant is at least one year old.

■ Positioning a rear-facing child seat
Child seats must be placed and secured in a 
rear seating position.

When properly installed, a rear-facing child seat may prevent the driver or a front 
passenger from moving their seat all the way back, or from locking their seat-back 
in the desired position. Make sure that there is no contact between the child seat 
and the seat in front of it.

It can also interfere with proper operation of the passenger’s advanced front airbag 
system.

2 Airbags P. 49

If this occurs, we recommend that you install the child seat directly behind the front 
passenger’s seat, move the seat as far forward as needed, and leave it unoccupied. 
Or, you may wish to get a smaller rear-facing child seat.
Continued 69



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  70 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Protecting Smaller Children

3WARNING
Placing a forward-facing child seat in the 
front seat can result in serious injury or 
death if the front airbag inflates.

If you must place a forward-facing child 
seat in front, move the vehicle seat as far 
back as possible, and properly restrain the 
child.

Educate yourself about the laws and regulations 
regarding child seat use where you are driving, and 
follow the child seat manufacturer’s instructions.

70

Safe Driving
■Protecting Smaller Children
If a child is at least one year old and has exceeded the weight and height limitations 
of a rearward-facing child seat, the child should be properly restrained in a firmly 
secured forward-facing child seat until they exceed the weight and height 
limitations for the forward-facing child seat.

■ Forward-facing child seat placement
We strongly recommend placing a forward-
facing child seat in a rear seating position.

Placing a forward-facing child seat in the front seat can be hazardous, even with 
advanced front airbags that automatically turn the passenger’s front airbag off. A 
rear seat is the safest place for a child.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  71 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Selecting a Child Seat
Installation of a LATCH-compatible child seat is 
simple.

LATCH-compatible child seats have been developed 
to simplify the installation process and reduce the 
likelihood of injuries caused by incorrect installation.

Safe Driving
■Selecting a Child Seat
Most child seats are LATCH-compatible (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren). 
Some have a rigid-type connector while others have a flexible-type connector. Both 
are equally easy to use. Some existing and previously owned child seats can only be 
installed using the seat belt. Whichever type you choose, follow the child seat 
manufacturer’s use and care instructions including recommended expiration dates 
as well as the instructions in this manual. Proper installation is key to maximizing 
your child’s safety. 

In seating positions and vehicles not equipped with LATCH, a LATCH-compatible 
child seat can be installed using the seat belt and a top tether for added security. 
This is because all child seats are required to be designed so that they can be secured 
with a lap belt or the lap part of a lap/shoulder belt. In addition, the child seat 
manufacturer may advise that a seat belt be used to attach a LATCH-compatible seat 
once a child reaches a specified weight. Please read the child seat owner’s manual 
for proper installation instructions.

■ Important consideration when selecting a child seat
Make sure the child seat meets the following three requirements:
• The child seat is the correct type and size for the child.
• The child seat is the correct type for the seating position.
• The child seat is compliant with Federal Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 213 or 

Canadian Motor Vehicle Safety Standard 213.
Continued 71



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  72 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Installing a LATCH-Compatible Child Seat

3WARNING
Never attach two child seats to the same 
anchor. In a collision, one anchor may not 
be strong enough to hold two child seat 
attachments and may break, causing 
serious injury or death.

For your child’s safety, when using a child seat 
installed using the LATCH system, make sure that the 
child seat is properly secured to the vehicle.
A child seat that is not properly secured will not 
adequately protect a child in a crash and may cause 
injury to the child or other vehicle occupants.

72

Safe Driving
■ Installing a LATCH-Compatible Child Seat
A LATCH-compatible child seat can be installed in each of the second and third row 
seats except for the third row center. A child seat is attached to the lower anchors 
with either the rigid or flexible type of connectors.

Second row seat 1. Locate the lower anchors under the marks.

Marks

Third row seat

Marks



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  73 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Installing a LATCH-Compatible Child Seat

3WARNING
Do not use the lower inner anchors of the 
outer third row seats to secure a LATCH-
compatible child seat to the third row 
center seat, unless the manufacturer’s 
instructions for that system permit the use 
of inner anchors with the stated spacing.

Installing a LATCH-compatible child seat in the 
third row center seat
Each outer third row seat is equipped with a pair of 
lower anchors which are used to secure a LATCH-
compatible child seat. The third row center seat, 
however, is not equipped with anchors of any kind.
The inner and outer anchors are spaced apart at a 
standard distance of 11 inches (280 mm). The 
distance between the two inner anchors is 16.0 
inches (406.2 mm).
LATCH-compatible restraint systems that are fitted 
with rigid-type attachments cannot be installed in the 
third row center seat. However, a system fitted with 
flexible-type attachments can be installed in the third 
row center seat, provided that the manufacturer’s 
instructions for that system permit the use of the 
inner anchors with the stated spacing.
Before seating a child, make sure that the system is 
properly attached to both the lower anchors and 
tether anchors.

Safe Driving
Lower Anchors 2. Place the child seat on the vehicle seat, then 
attach the child seat to the lower anchors 
according to the instructions that came 
with the child seat.
u When installing the child seat, make sure 

that the lower anchors are not 
obstructed by the seat belt or any other 
object.

Rigid Type

Flexible 
Type

Lower Anchors Second row center seat*

Cover To install a LATCH-compatible child seat in 
the second row center seat, remove the 
covers on each lower end of the seat-back 
by pulling on the handles.

Marks

Handle
* Not available on all models Continued 73



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  74 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

74

Safe Driving
Second row outer position 3. Put the head restraint to its upper-most 
Straight Top Tether Type position, then route the tether strap 

outside/between the head restraint legs, 
Tether Strap and secure the tether strap hook to the 
Hook

anchor.
Anchor 4. Tighten the tether strap as instructed by the 

child seat manufacturer.

Other Top Tether Type

Tether Strap 
Hook

Anchor



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  75 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small ChildrenSafe Driving
Second row center seat* 5. Make sure the child seat is firmly secured by 
Straight Top Tether Type rocking it forward and back and side to 

side; little movement should be felt.

Anchor
Tether Strap Hook

Other Top Tether Type

Anchor
Tether Strap Hook
* Not available on all models Continued 75



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  76 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

76

Safe Driving
Third row outer position 6. Make sure any unused seat belt that a child 
Straight Top Tether Type can reach is buckled, the lockable retractor 

is activated, and the belt is fully retracted 
and locked.

2 Protecting Child Passengers P. 67

Anchor

Tether Strap Hook

Other Top Tether Type

Anchor
Tether Strap Hook



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  77 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder Seat Belt
A child seat that is not properly secured will not 
adequately protect a child in a crash and may cause 
injury to the child or other vehicle occupants.

Safe Driving
■ Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder Seat Belt
A child seat can be installed with a lap/shoulder belt in any rear seat or, if absolutely 
necessary, the front passenger seat.

1. Place the child seat on the vehicle seat.
2. Route the seat belt through the child seat 

according to the seat manufacturer’s 
instructions, and insert the latch plate into 
the buckle.
u Insert the latch plate fully until it clicks.

3. Slowly pull the shoulder part of the belt all 
the way out until it stops. This activates the 
lockable retractor.

4. Let the seat belt retract a few inches and 
check that the retractor has switched 
modes by pulling on the webbing. It should 
not pull out again until it is reset by 
removing the latch plate from the buckle.
u If you are able to pull the shoulder belt 

out, the lockable retractor is not 
activated. Slowly pull the seat belt all the 
way out, and repeat steps 3 – 4.
Continued 77



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  78 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder Seat Belt
To deactivate a lockable retractor, release the buckle 
and allow the seat belt to wind up all the way.

78

Safe Driving
5. Grab the shoulder part of the seat belt near 
the buckle, and pull up to remove any slack 
from the lap part of the belt.
u When doing this, place your weight on 

the child seat and push it into the vehicle 
seat.

6. Make sure the child seat is firmly secured by 
rocking it forward and back and side to 
side; less than one inch of movement 
should occur near the seat belt.

7. Make sure any unused seat belt that a child 
can reach is buckled, the lockable retractor 
is activated, and the belt is fully retracted 
and locked.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  79 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

1Adding Security with a Tether
Always use a tether for forward-facing child seats 
when using the seat belt or lower anchors.

Safe Driving
■Adding Security with a Tether
Second row seat A tether anchorage point is provided behind 
Tether Anchorage Points each second and third row seating position. If 

you have a child seat that comes with a tether 
but can be installed with a seat belt, the tether 
may be used for additional security.

1. Locate the appropriate tether anchorage 
point.

Third row seat

Tether Anchorage Points
Continued 79



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  80 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

80

Safe Driving
Second row outer position 2. Put the head restraint to its upper-most 
Straight Top Tether Type position, then route the tether strap 

outside/through the head restraint legs. 
Make sure the strap is not twisted.

Tether Strap
Hook

Anchor

Other Top Tether Type

Tether Strap
Hook

Anchor



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  81 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small ChildrenSafe Driving
Second row center seat* 3. Secure the tether strap hook to the anchor.
Straight Top Tether Type

Tether
Strap
Hook

Anchor

Other Top Tether Type

Tether
Strap
Hook

Anchor
* Not available on all models Continued 81



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  82 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Infants and Small Children

82

Safe Driving
Third row seat 4. Tighten the tether strap as instructed by the 
Straight Top Tether Type child seat manufacturer.

Anchor Anchor

Tether Strap Hook

Other Top Tether Type

Anchor Anchor

Tether Strap Hook



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  83 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Larger Children

1Safety of Larger Children

3WARNING
Allowing a child age 12 or under to sit in 
front can result in injury or death if the 
passenger’s front airbag inflates.

If a larger child must ride in front, move the 
vehicle seat as far to the rear as possible, 
have the child sit up properly and wear the 
seat belt properly, using a booster seat if 
needed.

Safe Driving
Safety of Larger Children
■Protecting Larger Children
The following pages give instructions on how to check proper seat belt fit, what kind 
of booster seat to use if one is needed, and important precautions for a child who 
must sit in front.

■Checking Seat Belt Fit
When a child is too big for a child seat, secure the child in a rear seat using the lap/
shoulder seat belt. Have the child sit upright and all the way back, then answer the 
following questions.

■Checklist
• Do the child’s knees bend comfortably over 

the edge of the seat?
• Does the shoulder belt cross between the 

child’s neck and arm?
• Is the lap part of the seat belt as low as 

possible, touching the child’s thighs?
• Will the child be able to stay seated like this 

for the whole trip?
If you answer yes to all these questions, the child is ready to wear the lap/shoulder 
seat belt correctly. If you answer no to any question, the child needs to ride on a 
booster seat until the seat belt fits properly without a booster seat.
Continued 83



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  84 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChild SafetyuSafety of Larger Children

1Booster Seats
When installing a booster seat, make sure to read the 
instructions that came with it, and install the seat 
accordingly.
There are high- and low-type booster seats. Choose a 
booster seat that allows the child to wear the seat 
belt correctly.

Some U.S. states and Canadian provinces and 
territories require children to use a booster seat until 
they reach a given age or weight (e.g. 6 years or 60 
lbs). Be sure to check current laws in the state or 
province, or territory where you intend to drive.

84

Safe Driving
■Booster Seats
If a lap/shoulder seat belt cannot be used 
properly, position the child in a booster seat in 
the rear seat. For the child’s safety, check that 
the child meets the booster seat 
manufacturer’s recommendations.

■Protecting Larger Children - Final Checks
Your vehicle has a rear seat where children can be properly restrained. If you ever 
have to carry a group of children, and a child must ride in front:
• Make sure you read and fully understand the instructions and safety information 

in this manual.
• Move the front passenger seat as far back as possible.
• Have the child sit upright and well back in the seat.
• Check that the seat belt is properly positioned so that the child is secure in the 

seat.

■Monitoring child passengers
We strongly recommend that you keep an eye on child passengers. Even older, more 
mature children sometimes need to be reminded to fasten their seat belts and sit up 
properly.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  85 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Exhaust Gas Hazard
1Carbon Monoxide Gas

3WARNING
Carbon monoxide gas is toxic.

Breathing it can cause unconsciousness and 
even kill you.

Avoid any enclosed areas or activities that 
expose you to carbon monoxide.

An enclosed area such as a garage can quickly fill up 
with carbon monoxide gas.
Do not run the engine with the garage door closed. 
Even when the garage door is open, drive out of the 
garage immediately after starting the engine.

Safe Driving
Carbon Monoxide Gas
The engine exhaust from this vehicle contains carbon monoxide, a colorless, 
odorless, and highly toxic gas. As long as you properly maintain your vehicle, carbon 
monoxide gas will not get into the interior.

■Have the exhaust system inspected for leaks whenever
• The exhaust system is making an unusual noise.
• The exhaust system may have been damaged.
• The vehicle is raised for an oil change.

When you operate a vehicle with the tailgate open, airflow can pull exhaust gas into 
the interior and create a hazardous condition. If you must drive with the tailgate 
open, open all the windows and set the climate control system as shown below.

1. Select the fresh air mode.
2. Select the  mode.
3. Set the fan speed to high.
4. Set the temperature control to a comfortable setting.

Adjust the climate control system in the same manner if you sit in your parked 
vehicle with the engine running.
85



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  86 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

86

Safe Driving
Safety Labels
Label Locations
These labels are in the locations shown. They warn you of potential hazards that can cause serious injury or death. Read these labels 

carefully.

If a label comes off or becomes hard to read (except for the U.S. dashboard label which may be removed by the owner), contact a dealer 
for a replacement.

Sun Visor
Canadian models

U.S. models

Dashboard
U.S. models only

Air Conditioner System
Radiator Cap U.S. models

Canadian models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  87 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Instrument Panel
This chapter describes the buttons, indicators, and gauges that are used while driving.
Indicators ............................................ 88
Driver Information Interface Warning and 
Information Messages.................... 108

Gauges and Driver Information Interface
Gauges............................................ 127
Driver Information Interface ............. 128
87



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  88 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

88

Instrument Panel
Indicators
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Comes on while driving - Make sure the 
you set the power mode to ON, parking brake is released. Check the brake fluid level.
then goes off if the parking brake 2 What to do when the indicator 
has been released. comes on while driving P. 743

• Comes on when the parking brake • Comes on along with the Parking 
is applied, and goes off when it is Brake and Brake System Indicator 
released. (amber) - Immediately stop in a safe place. 

• Comes on when the brake fluid Contact a dealer for repair. The brake pedal 
level is low. becomes harder to operate. Depress the 

• Comes on if there is a problem pedal further than you normally do.
U.S. with the brake system. 2 If the Brake System Indicator (Red) 

• The beeper sounds and the Comes On or Blinks at the Same 
Parking Brake indicator comes on if you drive Time When the Brake System 

and Brake Indicator (Amber) Comes On P. 744
Canada with the parking brake not fully • Comes on along with the ABS 

System Indicator released. indicator - Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.
(Red) • Comes on for about 15 seconds 

2 If the Brake System Indicator (Red) 
when you push the electric Comes On or Blinks P. 743

(Red) parking brake switch with the • Blinks and the Parking Brake and 
power mode in OFF. Brake System Indicator (amber) 

• Stays on for about 15 seconds comes on at the same time - There is a 
when you set the power mode to problem with the electric parking brake 
OFF while the electric parking system. The parking brake may not be set.
brake is set. Avoid using the parking brake and have your 

vehicle checked by a dealer immediately.
2 If the Brake System Indicator (Red) 

Comes On or Blinks at the Same 
Time When the Brake System 
Indicator (Amber) Comes On P. 744



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  89 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Comes on while driving - Avoid high 
U.S.

you set the power mode to ON, speeds and sudden braking. Take the 
then goes off. vehicle to a dealer immediately.

• Comes on if there is a problem 
with a system related to braking 
other than the conventional brake Canada

system.

U.S.

• Comes on if there is a problem • Stays on constantly - Avoid using the 
Parking Brake U.S.

with the electric parking brake parking brake and have your vehicle 
and Brake system and/or the automatic brake checked by a dealer immediately.

Canada System Indicator hold system.
(Amber)

(Amber)

Canada
Continued 89



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  90 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

90

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

U.S. • Comes on if there is a problem • Make sure the total load is within the 
with the radar sensor. Maximum Load Limit.

• Indicator may come on 2 Maximum Load Limit P. 543
Parking Brake temporarily when the Maximum • Stays on constantly - Have your 
and Brake Load Limit is exceeded. vehicle checked by a dealer.

Canada —
System Indicator 
(Amber)

(Amber)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  91 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

Automatic Brake • Comes on when the automatic 
Hold System brake hold system is on. 2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644
Indicator

U.S. • Comes on when the automatic 
brake hold is activated.

Automatic Brake 
2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644 —

Canada Hold Indicator

• Comes on when you set the • Readiness codes are part of the on board 
power mode to ON, and goes off diagnostics for the emissions control 
when the engine starts, or after systems.
several seconds if the engine did 2 Testing of Readiness Codes P. 767
not start. If “readiness codes” • Comes on while driving - Have your 

Malfunction have not been set, it blinks five vehicle checked by a dealer.

Indicator Lamp times before it goes off. • Blinks while driving - Stop in a safe 
• Comes on if there is a problem place where there are no flammable 

with the emissions control system. objects. Stop the engine for 10 minutes 
• Blinks when a misfire in the or more, and wait for it to cool down. 

engine’s cylinders is detected. Then, take your vehicle to a dealer.
2 If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp 

Comes On or Blinks P. 742
Continued 91



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  92 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

92

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on when you set the • Comes on while driving - Turn off the 
power mode to ON, and goes off climate control system and rear defogger 

Charging System when the engine starts. in order to reduce electricity 
Indicator • Comes on when the battery is not consumption.

charging. 2 If the Charging System Indicator 
Comes On P. 742

Gear Position • Indicates the current gear 
Indicator selection. 2 Shifting P. 560 —

M (sequential • Comes on when the manual 
mode) Indicator/ sequential shift mode is applied.
Sequential Mode 2 Sequential Mode P. 566 —
Gear Selection 
Indicator



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  93 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• All the gear positions may light for • When all the gear positions light, 
several seconds, and go off. immediately stop your vehicle in a safe 

place.
• Indicators go off if there is no problem.

However, even if they go off, take your 
vehicle to a dealer for inspection.

• The indicated current gear • Avoid sudden start and acceleration, and 
selection blinks if there is a stop in a safe place immediately.
problem with the transmission Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.
system.

Transmission • The current gear position or all the • Immediately stop in a safe place.
System Indicator gear positions blink if there is a 2 Emergency Towing P. 754

problem with the transmission • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.
system and the vehicle will no 
longer move.

• The current gear position or all the • The engine can be activated as a 
gear positions blink if you cannot temporary measure.
select (P due to a transmission 2 If the Transmission System 
system failure. Indicator Blinks along with the 

Warning Message P. 746
• Set the parking brake when parking.
• Have your vehicle checked by a dealer 

immediately.
Continued 93



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  94 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

94

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on and the beeper sounds • The beeper stops and the indicator goes 
if you are not wearing a seat belt off when you and the front passenger 
when you set the power mode to fasten their seat belts.
ON. • Stays on after you and/or the front 

• If the front passenger is not passenger has fastened the seat 
Seat Belt 

wearing a seat belt, the indicator belt(s) - A detection error may have 
Reminder 

comes on a few seconds later. occurred in the sensor. Have your vehicle 
Indicator

• Blinks while driving if either you checked by a dealer.
and/or the front passenger has not 2 Seat Belt Reminder P. 41
fastened a seat belt. The beeper 
sounds and the indicator blinks at 
regular intervals.

• Comes on when the fuel reserve is • Comes on - Refuel your vehicle as soon 
running low (approximately 2.9 as possible.
U.S. gal/11.0 Liter left). • Blinks - Have your vehicle checked by a 

Low Fuel • Blinks if there is a problem with dealer.
Indicator the fuel gauge.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  95 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Stays on constantly - Have your 
Anti-lock Brake you set the power mode to ON, vehicle checked by a dealer. With this 
System (ABS) then goes off. indicator on, your vehicle still has normal 
Indicator • If it comes on at any other time, braking ability but no anti-lock function.

there is a problem with the ABS. 2 Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) P. 646

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Stays on constantly or does not 
you set the power mode to ON, come on at all - Have your vehicle 
then goes off. checked by a dealer.

• Comes on if a problem with any of 
Supplemental 

the following is detected:
Restraint System 

- Supplemental restraint system
Indicator

- Knee airbag system
- Side airbag system
- Side curtain airbag system
- Seat belt tensioner

• Comes on for a few seconds when 
you set the power mode to ON, 

Auto High-Beam then goes off.
2 Auto High-Beam P. 207 —

Indicator • Comes on when all the operating 
conditions of the Auto high-beam 
are met.
Continued 95



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  96 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

96

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Stays on constantly - Have your 
you set the power mode to ON, vehicle checked by a dealer.
then goes off. 2 Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), 

Vehicle Stability 
AssistTM • Blinks when VSA® is active. aka Electronic Stability Control 

 (VSA®) 
• Comes on if there is a problem (ESC), System P. 576

System Indicator
with the VSA®, hill start assist, 2 Hill start assist system P. 557

brake assist or brake lighting 
system.

• Comes on for a few seconds when 
Vehicle Stability you set the power mode to ON, 
AssistTM (VSA®) then goes off. 2 VSA® On and Off P. 577 —
OFF Indicator • Comes on when you partially 

disable VSA®.

• Comes on when you set the • Stays on constantly - Have your 
Electric Power power mode to ON, and goes off vehicle checked by a dealer.
Steering (EPS) when the engine starts. 2 If the Electric Power Steering (EPS) 
System Indicator • Comes on if there is a problem System Indicator Comes On P. 745

with the EPS system.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  97 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Comes on while driving - Stop in a 
you set the power mode to ON, safe place, check tire pressures, and 
then goes off. inflate the tire(s) if necessary.

• Comes on if the tire pressure of 
Low Tire any of the tires becomes 
Pressure/TPMS significantly low.
Indicator • Blinks for about one minute, and • Blinks and remains on - Have your 

then stays on if there is a problem vehicle checked by a dealer. If the vehicle 
with the TPMS with Tire Fill Assist, is fitted with a compact spare, get your 
or when a compact spare tire is regular tire repaired or replaced and put 
temporarily installed. back on your vehicle as soon as you can.

• Blinks when you operate the turn • Does not blink or blinks rapidly
Turn Signal and signal lever. 2 Replacing Light Bulbs P. 689, 691 
Hazard Warning • Blink along with all turn signals —
Indicators when you press the hazard 

warning button.

High Beam • Comes on when the high beam 
Indicator headlights are on. — —
Continued 97



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  98 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

98

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on whenever the light • If you set the power mode to 
Lights On switch is on, or in AUTO when the ACCESSORY or VEHICLE OFF while the 

—
Indicator exterior lights are on. exterior lights are on, a chime sounds 

when the driver’s door is opened.

Fog Light • Comes on when the fog lights are 
Indicator* on. 2 Fog Lights* P. 205 —

• Comes on briefly when you set the • Blinks - You cannot start the engine. Set 
power mode to ON, then goes off. the power mode to VEHICLE OFF*1, then 

Indicator • Comes on if the immobilizer select the ON mode again.
system cannot recognize the key • Repeatedly blinks - The system may be 

Immobilizer 
information. malfunctioning. Have your vehicle 

System Indicator
checked by a dealer.

• Do not attempt to alter this system or 
add other devices to it. Electrical 
problems can occur.

• Comes on briefly when you set the 
Indicator

power mode to ON, then goes off.
Security System • Blinks when the security system 2 Security System Alarm P. 191 —
Alarm Indicator alarm has been set.

*1:Canadian models only: Apply and hold the brake pedal before selecting the ON mode.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  99 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on along with a beep • While the indicator is on, press the  
when a problem is detected. A (home) button, select Warnings, then 
system message on the driver press the ENTER button to see the 
information interface appears at message again.
the same time. • Refer to the Indicators information in this 

System Message chapter when a system message appears 
—

Indicator on the driver information interface. Take 
the appropriate action for the message.

• The driver information interface does not 
return to the normal screen unless the 
warning is canceled, or the ENTER 
button is pressed repeatedly.

• Comes on when you press the 
Econ Mode ECON button. 2 ECON Button P. 574
Indicator

• Comes on when you press the 
Snow Mode SNOW button and snow mode is 2 Intelligent Traction Management 
Indicator selected. P. 575

• Comes on for a few seconds when 
Normal Mode Snow mode is selected, and the 2 Intelligent Traction Management —
Indicator vehicle is powered off, then P. 575

restarted.
Continued 99



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  100 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

100

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on when Auto Idle Stop is 
Auto Idle Stop in operation. The engine 2 Auto Idle Stop P. 568 —
Indicator (Green) automatically shuts off.

• Comes on when the Auto Idle 
Auto Idle Stop Stop system has been turned off 2 Auto Idle Stop System ON/OFF 
OFF Indicator by the Auto Idle Stop OFF Button. P. 569

• Comes on for a few seconds when 
you set the power mode to ON, — —

Auto Idle Stop then goes off.
System Indicator 
(Amber) • Blinks if there is a problem with • Blinks - Have your vehicle checked by a 

the Auto Idle Stop system. dealer.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  101 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on while Auto Idle Stop is 
temporarily suspended in the — —
following situations.

- Brake pedal is not fully pressed. • Depress the brake pedal firmly.

- The transmission is in a position 
other than (D .

- System charging is prioritized.

Auto Idle Stop 
Suspend 
Indicator - Climate control system is 

prioritized.

2 Auto Idle Stop P. 568
- Engine coolant temperature is 

not in operating range.

- The Intelligent Traction 
Management is set to Snow.

- Auto Idle Stop does not activate 
for some reason.
Continued 101



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  102 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

102

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

Auto Idle Stop • If you press and hold the Auto Idle Stop 
Suspend — OFF button, you can select whether to 
Indicator display the status messages or not.

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Stays on constantly - Have your 
Lane Keeping 

you set the power mode to ON, vehicle checked by a dealer.
Assist System 

then goes off.
(LKAS) Indicator 

• Comes on if there is a problem 
(Amber)

with the LKAS.

Lane Keeping • Lights up in white when you press 
Assist System the LKAS button. 2 Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) —
(LKAS) Indicator • Lights up in green when the LKAS P. 618
(White/Green) is in operation.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  103 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on for a few seconds when • Comes on while driving - Have your 
you set the power mode to ON, vehicle checked by a dealer.
then goes off.

Adaptive Cruise • Comes on if there is a problem 
Control (ACC) with ACC with Low Speed Follow.
with Low Speed 
Follow Indicator • Indicator may come on • Make sure the total load is within the 
(Amber) temporarily when the Maximum Maximum Load Limit.

Load Limit is exceeded. 2 Maximum Load Limit P. 543 —
• ACC with Low Speed Follow has • Stays on constantly - Have your 

been automatically canceled. vehicle checked by a dealer.

Adaptive Cruise • Lights up in white when you press 
Control (ACC) the  button.
with Low Speed • Lights up in green when you press 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with —

Low Speed Follow P. 602
Follow Indicator the RES/+ button or -/SET button.
(White/Green)
Continued 103



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  104 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

104

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Lights up in white when you 
Cruise Mode 

change to cruise mode.
Indicator 2 To Switch ACC with Low Speed —

• Lights up in green when you have Follow to Cruise Control P. 616
(White/Green)

set a speed for cruise control.

• Comes on if there is a problem • Stays on constantly - Have your 
with RDM, CMBSTM, or Blind spot vehicle checked by a dealer.
information System*.

Safety Support 
• Indicator may come on • Make sure the total load is within the 

Indicator 
temporarily when the Maximum Maximum Load Limit.

(Amber)
Load Limit is exceeded. 2 Maximum Load Limit P. 543
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  105 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on when RDM and/or • Indicator may come on temporarily 
CMBSTM shuts itself off. when passing through an enclosed 

space, such as a tunnel.
• The area around the radar sensor is 

blocked by dirt, mud, etc. Stop your 
vehicle in a safe place and wipe the 
debris off with a soft cloth. Indicator may 
take some time to go off after the radar 
sensor is cleaned.

Safety Support • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if 
Indicator the indicator does not go off even after 
(Amber) you have cleaned the radar sensor.

2 Radar Sensor P. 639

• Stays on - The temperature inside the 
camera is too high.
Use the climate control system to cool 
down the camera.
The system activates when the 
temperature inside the camera cools 
down.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637
Continued 105



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  106 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicatorsu

106

Instrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Comes on when RDM and/or • Stays on - The area around the camera 
CMBSTM shuts itself off. is blocked by dirt, mud, etc. Stop your 

vehicle in a safe place and wipe the 
debris off with a soft cloth.

• Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if 
the indicator and message are still 
displayed even after you have cleaned 

Safety Support the area around the camera.
Indicator 2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637
(Amber) Models with Blind spot information • Comes on while driving - Something 

System may be interfering with the Blind spot 
• Comes on when mud, snow, or ice information System sensor. Check the 

has accumulated in the vicinity of vicinity of the Blind spot information 
the Blind spot information System System sensor and remove any 
sensor. obstacles. 

2 Blind spot information System* 
P. 583
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  107 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuIndicatorsuInstrument Panel
Indicator Name On/Blinking Explanation Message

• Lights up in green when RDM, 
CMBSTM, and Blind spot 
information System* are on.

• Lights up in green and gray when 
Safety Support 2 RDM On and Off P. 629

RDM, CMBSTM, or Blind spot 
Indicator (Green/ 2 CMBSTM On and Off P. 595

information System* or any two of 2 Blind spot information system on 
Gray)

these systems are off. and off P. 585
• Lights up in gray when RDM, 

CMBSTM, and Blind spot 
information System* are off.
* Not available on all models 107



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  108 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

108

Instrument Panel
Driver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages
The following messages appear only on the driver information interface. Press the  (home) button, select Warnings, then press the 

ENTER button to see the message again with the system message indicator on.

Message Condition Explanation

• Appears if any door or the tailgate is not completely • Goes off when all doors and the tailgate are closed.
closed.

• Appears when the hood is opened. • Close the hood.

• Appears when the engine oil pressure is low. • Appears while driving - Immediately stop in a safe 
place.

2 If the Low Oil Pressure Symbol Appears P. 741

• Appears if there is a problem with the shutter grille, • Power output will be reduced, so you may not be able 
and the radiator coolant temperature is too high. to accelerate or maintain your current speed. Have your 

vehicle checked by a dealer.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  109 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

Canadian models • Appears when the washer fluid is low. • Refill the washer fluid.
2 Refilling Window Washer Fluid  P. 687

Models with color audio system
• Appears while you are customizing the settings and 2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

the transmission is in other than (P .

• Appears when the temperature of the transmission • Until the message disappears, reduce your speed and 
is starting to get too hot. allow the system to cool down.

• The performance of the vehicle may be reduced.

• Appears if the battery charge becomes low. • Charge the battery.

• Appears when the fuel fill door is opened. • Close the fuel fill door.
Continued 109



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  110 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

110

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when there is a problem with the sensor on • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.
the battery. 2 Checking the Battery P. 708

• Appears when the scheduled maintenance is due 
soon. 2 Maintenance Minder Messages on the Driver 

• Consequently, Maintenance Due Now and Information Interface P. 671
Maintenance Past Due follow.

Models with power sliding doors • Turn off the main switch and manually operate the 
U.S.

• Appears if there is a problem with the power sliding power sliding doors.
door system. • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

2 Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*  P. 184

Canada
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  111 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when the engine coolant temperature gets 
abnormally high. 2 Overheating P. 739

Models with power tailgate • Manually open or close the power tailgate.
U.S.

• Appears when there is a problem with the power • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.
tailgate system.

Canada

• Appears when the starter system has a problem. • As a temporary measure, press and hold the ENGINE 
U.S.

START/STOP button for up to 15 seconds while 
pressing the brake pedal and manually start the engine.

• Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

Canada
Continued 111



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  112 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

112

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when you set the power mode to 
2 Starting the Engine P. 552

ACCESSORY or ON.

• Appears when the engine does not restart • Follow the normal procedure to start the engine.
automatically due to the following reason: 2 Starting the Engine P. 552

• The hood is open. • Close the hood.
• There is a problem in the system that disables Auto 

Idle Stop.

Canadian models • Appears when the steering wheel is locked. • Move the steering wheel left and right while pressing 
the ENGINE START/STOP button.

• Appears when the power mode is in ACCESSORY.
—

• Appears after the driver’s door is opened when the • Change the power mode to VEHICLE OFF.
power mode is in ACCESSORY. 2 ENGINE START/STOP Button P. 198



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  113 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when you close the door with the power • Disappears when you bring the remote back inside the 
mode in ON without the remote inside the vehicle. vehicle and close the door.

2 Remote Reminder P. 200

• Appears when the remote battery becomes weak. • Replace the battery as soon as possible.
2 Replacing the Button Battery P. 710

• Appears if the remote battery is too weak to start the • Bring the remote in front of the ENGINE START/STOP 
engine or the key is not within operating range to button to be touched with.
start the engine. 2 If the Remote Battery is Weak P. 735
A beeper sounds six times.

• Appears if you press the ENGINE START/STOP 
button while the vehicle is moving. 2 Emergency Engine Stop P. 736

• Appears after the driver’s door is opened when the • Press and hold the ENGINE START/STOP button with 
power mode is in ACCESSORY. your foot off the brake pedal to change the power 

mode to VEHICLE OFF.

• Appears when you attempt to change to another • To select another gear position while in (P, the engine 
gear position with the transmission in (P and the must be ON.
engine OFF.

• Appears when you set the power mode to OFF while • Immediately stop in a safe place, set the parking brake, 
driving. then restart the engine. If the message disappears, 

continue driving.
Continued 113



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  114 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

114

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when the vehicle is stopped with the • Press the (P button before release the brake pedal 
driver’s seat belt unfastened and there is a chance when idling, parking or exiting the vehicle.
that the vehicle may roll unintentionally. 2 Shift Operation P. 562

• Appears when the engine stops without the • If you want to set the power mode to ON, change the 
transmission in (P , and does not restart gear position to (P .
automatically. • If you want to start the engine, follow the normal 

• Appears if you open the hood while Auto Idle Stop procedure.
activates. 2 Starting the Engine P. 552

• Appears when you change to (N , then release the 
(N  button. 2 If you want to keep the transmission in (N  

position [car wash mode] P. 564

• Appears when car wash mode is not available due to • When transmission is too hot, car wash mode may not 
hot transmission. be available. Let the engine idle and cool down 

transmission.
2 If you want to keep the transmission in (N  

position [car wash mode] P. 564

• Appears when you try to change the gear position • Depress the brake pedal, then select a shift button.
without depressing the brake pedal.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  115 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when you try to change the gear position • Release your foot off the accelerator pedal, then select 
without releasing your foot off the accelerator pedal. a shift button.

• Appears when the (P  button is pressed while the • Make sure that the vehicle comes to a stop before 
vehicle is moving. operating the select button.

• Appears if you change the gear position to (R  while 
the vehicle is moving forward, or to (D while the 
vehicle is reversing.

• Appears when you set the power mode to ON • Fasten the seat belt properly before you start to drive.
without fastening the driver’s seat belt. 2 Shift Operation P. 562

• Appears when you change the gear position after 
(P  has been automatically selected with the driver’s 
door open, the driver’s seat belt unfastened, then 
the brake pedal is released.

• Appears when you set the power mode to VEHICLE • Check the rear seat for passengers or items before 
OFF, if the rear doors were opened shortly before or exiting the vehicle.
after the vehicle was powered on. 2 Rear Seat Reminder P. 233

• Appears when depressing the accelerator pedal • Remove your foot from the accelerator pedal. When 
while the gear position is in (N . driving, depress the brake pedal and change the gear 

position.
Continued 115



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  116 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

116

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when you press and hold (N button for • Disappears when you set the gear position to other 
more than two seconds. than (N .

2 If you want to keep the transmission in (N  
position [car wash mode] P. 564

• Appears if there is a problem with the cooling • Drive slowly to prevent overheating and have your 
system. vehicle checked by a dealer as soon as possible.

• Appears if there is a problem with the headlights. • Appears while driving - The headlights may not be 
on. When conditions allow you to drive safety, have 
your vehicle checked by a dealer as soon as possible.

Models with parking sensor system • Check if the area around the sensor(s) is covered with 
• Appears if there is a problem with the parking sensor mud, ice, snow, etc. If the indicator(s) stays on or the 

system. beeper does not stop even after you clean the area, 
have the system checked by a dealer.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  117 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears if the automatic brake hold is automatically • Immediately depress the brake pedal.
canceled while it is in operation.

• Appears when the automatic brake hold system is 
turned off. 2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644

• Appears when the automatic brake hold button is • Fasten the driver’s seat belt.
pressed without wearing the driver’s seat belt. 2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644

• Appears when the automatic brake hold button is • Press the automatic brake hold button with the brake 
pressed without depressing the brake pedal while pedal depressed.
the automatic brake hold is in operation. 2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644

• Appears when the parking brake is applied 
automatically while it is in operation. 2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644

2 Parking Brake P. 640
Continued 117



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  118 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

118

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when you pull the electric parking brake • Depress the brake pedal to release the parking brake.
switch without depressing the brake pedal. 2 Parking Brake P. 640

Models with smart entry system • Appears constantly - Have your vehicle checked by a 
• Appears as soon as a problem is detected in the dealer.

smart entry system.

• Appears as soon as a problem is detected in the push • Appears constantly - Have your vehicle checked by a 
button starting system. dealer.

• Appears if there is a problem with the Auto high- • Manually operate the headlight switch.
beam. • If you are driving with the high-beam headlights when 

this happens, the headlights are changed to low beams.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  119 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears if there is a problem with the fuel pump • Set the power mode to OFF for a while, then set the 
system. power mode to ON. The message disappears if there is 

no problem. If the message appears again, take your 
vehicle to a dealer.

• Appears if there is a problem with the engine • Set the power mode to OFF for a while, then set the 
management system. power mode to ON. The message disappears if there is 

no problem. If the message appears again, take your 
vehicle to a dealer.

• Appears if there is a problem with the ignition • Set the power mode to OFF for a while, then set the 
system. power mode to ON. The message disappears if there is 

no problem. If the message appears again, take your 
vehicle to a dealer.

• Appears if there is a problem with the seat heaters*. • Turn off the seat heaters* until the message disappears. 
If the message appears again, take your vehicle to a 
dealer.

• Appears if there is a problem with the climate • Turn off the climate control system until the message 
control system. disappears. If the message appears again, take your 

vehicle to a dealer.
* Not available on all models Continued 119



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  120 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

120

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

Models with remote engine starter
• Appears when you unlock and open the driver’s 

2 Remote Engine Start with Vehicle Feedback* P. 554
door while the engine is running by remote engine 
start.

• Flashes when the system senses a likely collision with • Take appropriate action to prevent a collision (apply the 
a vehicle in front of you. brakes, change lanes, etc.)

2 Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM) 
P. 591

2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
Follow P. 602

• Appears when ACC with Low Speed Follow has • You can resume the set speed after the condition that 
been automatically canceled. caused ACC with Low Speed Follow to cancel improves. 

Press the RES/+ button.
2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

• Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the • ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
vehicle is moving and the brake pedal is depressed. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

• Appears if the VSA® or traction control function • ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
operates while ACC with Low Speed Follow is in canceled.
operation. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  121 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

● Appears when the distance between your vehicle ● ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
and the vehicle ahead of you is too close while ACC canceled.
with Low Speed Follow is in operation. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the ● ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
distance between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
of you is too close. Follow P. 602

● Appears when the driver’s seat belt is unfastened ● ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
while your vehicle is automatically stopped by ACC canceled.
with Low Speed Follow. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the ● ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
driver’s seat belt is unfastened. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when the speed of the vehicle is too high for ● Reduce the speed, then set ACC.
you to set ACC. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when ACC is canceled due to excessive high ● Reduce the speed, then reset ACC.
vehicle speed. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602
Continued 121



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  122 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

122

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

● Appears when the vehicle ahead of you resumes ● Press the RES/+ button or –/SET button or depress the 
driving, after your vehicle has been stopped accelerator pedal to resume.
automatically by ACC with Low Speed Follow. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when the shift position is changed to any ● ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
position other than D/S  while ACC with Low Speed canceled.
Follow is in operation. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the ● ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
shift position is in any position other than D/S . 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when the vehicle is stopped on a very steep ● ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
slope while ACC with Low Speed Follow is in canceled.
operation. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  123 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

● Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the ● ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
vehicle is stopped on a very steep slope. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

● Appears when the parking brake is applied ● ACC with Low Speed Follow has been automatically 
automatically while ACC with Low Speed Follow is in canceled.
operation. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602
2 Parking Brake P. 640

● Appears when pressing the –/SET button while the ● ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be set.
parking brake is applied. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602
2 Parking Brake P. 640

● Appears if ACC with Low Speed Follow is canceled ● Immediately depress the brake pedal.
while your vehicle is automatically stopped by ACC 
with Low Speed Follow.
Continued 123



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  124 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

124

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears if ACC with Low Speed Follow cannot be • Wait awhile, then reset ACC with Low Speed Follow.
set due to repeated deceleration, driving on a long 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
downward slope, or excess vehicle weight. Follow P. 602

• Appears just before the ACC with Low Speed Follow 
is automatically canceled due to repeated 
deceleration, driving on a long downward slope, or 
excess vehicle weight. (Will automatically open until 
the distance between your vehicle and the vehicle 

2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
ahead is the maximum set in distance settings.) Follow P. 602

• Appears when the ACC with Low Speed Follow has 
been automatically canceled.

• Appears when -/SET, RES/+, CANCEL, or interval • After pressing the  button, press the -/SET, RES/+, 
button is pressed while ACC with Low Speed Follow CANCEL, or interval button.
is off. 2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 

Follow P. 602

• Appears when interval button is pressed while Cruise • After selecting ACC with Low Speed Follow, press the 
mode is selected. interval button.

2 Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
Follow P. 602



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  125 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information MessagesInstrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) • Keep the vehicle within the lane you are driving.
• Appears when the vehicle is driving out of a detected 2 Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) P. 618

lane. The steering wheel vibrates rapidly.

Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System • Keep the vehicle within the lane you are driving.
• Appears when the vehicle is driving out of a detected 2 Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System P. 627

lane. • You can change the setting for the road departure 
When you selected Warning Only mitigation system. Normal, Wide, Warning Only and 

- The steering wheel vibrates rapidly when the Narrow can be selected.
vehicle is drifting out of a detected lane. 2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

2 Customized Features P. 465
When you selected Normal, Wide or Narrow

- The steering wheel vibrates rapidly when the 
vehicle is drifting out of a detected lane. The system 
also steers the vehicle to help you remain within 
your driving lane.

Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System
When you selected Narrow

• Appears when the vehicle is likely to drive out a 
—

detected lane.
The RDM system also steers the vehicle to help you 
remain within your driving lane.

• Blinks when you fail to steer the vehicle. The beeper • Operate the steering wheel to resume the LKAS.
sounds simultaneously.
Continued 125



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  126 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu IndicatorsuDriver Information Interface Warning and Information Messages

126

Instrument Panel
Message Condition Explanation

• Appears when the LKAS is in operation, or the LKAS • If any other system indicators come on, such as the 
button is pressed, but there is a problem with a VSA®, ABS and brake system, take appropriate action.
system related to the LKAS. The LKAS cancels 2 Indicators P. 88
automatically. The beeper sounds simultaneously if 
selected by customization.

• Appears if anything covers the radar sensor cover • When the radar sensor gets dirty, stop your vehicle in a 
and prevents the sensor from detecting a vehicle in safe place, and wipe off dirt using a soft cloth. The 
front. message may take some time to go off.

• May appear when driving in bad weather (rain, • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if the message 
snow, fog, etc.) does not disappear even after you clean the sensor 

cover.
2 Radar Sensor P. 639
2 Honda Sensing® P. 588

• Appears if the temperature inside the front sensor • Use the climate control system to cool down the 
camera is too high and some driver assist systems camera.
cannot be activated. • Disappears - The camera has been cooled down and 

the systems are activated normally.
2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637
2 Honda Sensing® P. 588

• Appears if the area around the front sensor camera • When the front window gets dirty, stop your vehicle in 
is blocked by dirt, mud, etc. and be prevented from a safe place, and wipe it off with a soft cloth.
detecting a vehicle in front. • Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if the message 

• May appear when driving in bad weather (rain, does not disappear even after you cleaned the area 
snow, fog, etc.) around the camera.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637
2 Honda Sensing® P. 588



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  127 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Gauges and Driver Information Interface
1Fuel Gauge

NOTICE
You should refuel when the reading approaches E .
Running out of fuel can cause the engine to misfire, 
damaging the catalytic converter.

The actual amount of remaining fuel may differ from 
the fuel gauge reading.

1Temperature Gauge

NOTICE
Driving with the temperature gauge pointer in the 
upper zone can cause serious engine damage. Pull 
safely to the side of the road and allow engine 
temperature to return to normal.

2 Overheating P. 739

Instrument Panel
Gauges
Gauges include the fuel gauge, temperature gauge, and related indicators. They are 
displayed when the power mode is set to ON.

■ Fuel Gauge
Displays the amount of fuel left in the fuel tank.

■Temperature Gauge
Displays the temperature of the engine coolant.
127



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  128 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Speedometer
You can set the speedometer and the displayed 
measurements to read in either mph and km/h.

2 Units P. 138

1Tachometer
You can turn on or off the tachometer display.

2 Show Tachometer P. 142

128

Instrument Panel
Driver Information Interface
The driver information interface displays the speedometer, tachometer, odometer, 
trip computer, outside temperature, and other gauges. It also displays important 
messages such as warnings and other helpful information.

■Speedometer
Displays your driving speed in mph or km/h.

■Tachometer
Shows the number of engine revolutions per minute.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  129 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Outside Temperature*

The temperature sensor is in the front bumper.
Road heat and exhaust from another vehicle can 
affect the temperature reading when your vehicle 
speed is less than 19 mph (30 km/h).

It may take several minutes for the display to be 
updated after the temperature reading has stabilized.

Instrument Panel
■Odometer
Shows the total number of miles or kilometers 
that your vehicle has accumulated.

Odometer

■Outside Temperature*

Shows the outside temperature in Fahrenheit 
(U.S.) or Celsius (Canada).

Adjusting the outside temperature 
display
Adjust the temperature reading by up to ±5°F 
or ±3°C if the temperature reading seems 
incorrect.

Outside Temperature Use the audio/information screen to correct 
the temperature.

2 Customized Features P. 465
* Not available on all models Continued 129



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  130 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Traffic Sign Recognition System
You can turn on or off the traffic sign recognition 
system.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

1Accessing Content
To go back to the previous screen, press the 

*1/ *2 (back) button.

You can edit, add, or delete the meter contents using 
the driver information interface.

2 Arrange Apps P. 141
2 Show/Hide Apps P. 140

130

Instrument Panel
■Traffic Sign Recognition System
Shows the traffic sign recognition system.

2 Traffic Sign Recognition System P. 632

■Accessing Content
Press the  (home) button, then press the 3 / 4  button to scroll to the content 
you want to see. Press ENTER to see detailed information.

*1: Models with color audio system
*2: Models with Display Audio



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  131 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information InterfaceInstrument Panel
Warnings Blank
2 P. 136 2 P. 139

Show/Hide Apps Units
2 P. 140 2 P. 138

Models with color audio system

3 /4  Button

Trip Computer Settings
2 P. 132 2 P. 141

 (Home) Button Phone* Safety Support
2 P. 138 2 P. 135

Models with Display Audio

3 /4  Button

Navigation* Maintenance
2 P. 134 2 P. 137

 (Home) Button Now Playing*

2 P. 139

Press 3  or 4 .
* Not available on all models Continued 131



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  132 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

Distance

Average Fuel 
Economy
Range

Instant Fuel 
Economy

132

Instrument Panel
■Trip Computer
Press the ENTER button to switch between trip computer A and trip computer B.

Trip Computer A

Models with color audio system

ENTER
Trip Computer B

ENTER Button

Models with Display Audio

ENTER Button



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  133 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Distance
Switch between Distance A and Distance B by 
pressing the ENTER button.

1Average fuel economy (Avg. Fuel)
You can change when the average fuel economy is 
reset.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

Instrument Panel
■Distance
Shows the total number of miles or kilometers driven since the last reset. Meters A 
and B can be used to measure two separate trips.

Resetting distance
To reset the Distance, display it and then press and hold the ENTER button until the 
Distance is reset to 0.0.

■Average fuel economy (Avg. Fuel)
Shows the estimated average fuel economy of each Distance in mpg or l/100 km. 
The display is updated at set intervals. When a Distance is reset, the average fuel 
economy is also reset.

■ Instant fuel economy
Shows the instant fuel economy as a bar graph in mpg or l/100 km.

■Range
Shows the estimated distance you can travel on the remaining fuel. This estimated 
distance is based on the vehicle’s current fuel economy.
Continued 133



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  134 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Navigation*

You can select whether to have the turn-by-turn 
display come on or not during route guidance.

2 Customized Features P. 465

Models with navigation system
When the compass or turn-by-turn directions are 
displayed, you can control some navigation system 
functions on the driver information interface by 
pressing the ENTER button.

2 Refer to the Navigation System Manual

134

Instrument Panel
■Navigation*

■Compass
Shows the compass screen.

Compass

■ Turn-by-Turn Directions
When driving guidance is provided by the 
navigation system* or Android Auto, turn-by-
turn directions to your destination appear.

2 Refer to the Navigation System Manual
2 Android Auto P. 378

Turn-By-Turn Driving Directions
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  135 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Safety Support
If a system is indicated by the color amber, have your 
vehicle checked by a dealer immediately.

To turn on or off each system, first press the 3 / 4  
button to switch displays. From the next display you 
can select which system to turn on or off.

2 RDM On and Off P. 629
2 CMBSTM On and Off P. 595
2 Blind spot information system on and off 

P. 585

You can also confirm the state of the each function 
by the color of the safety support indicator.

2 Safety Support Indicator (Amber) P. 104
2 Safety Support Indicator (Green/Gray) 

P. 107

Instrument Panel
■Safety Support
Indicates the state of RDM, CMBSTM and Blind spot information System*, such as On, 
Off, or Failure, by color and letters.

The following colors indicate the state of any of the above mentioned systems:
• Green: The system is on.
• Gray: The system is off.
• Amber: There is a problem with the system.

Area Info for Area Info for CMBSTM

RDM

RDM Icon and 
State Info
Blind spot 
information 
System Icon 
and State Info*

Area Info for 
Blind spot CMBSTM Icon 
information and State Info
System*
* Not available on all models Continued 135



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  136 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Warnings
The Warnings app is dynamic and will only appear 
when there are active warnings. If there are no 
Warnings, this app will not be shown.

136

Instrument Panel
■Warnings
2 Driver Information Interface Warning and 

Information Messages P. 108

(Example)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  137 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information InterfaceInstrument Panel
■Maintenance
Shows the current condition of the tire 
pressure and the remaining oil life.

■ Tire Pressure
Shows the tire pressure of each tire.

2 Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) 
with Tire Fill Assist P. 579

■Oil Life
Shows the remaining oil life and Maintenance 
MinderTM.

2 Maintenance MinderTM P. 669
Continued 137



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  138 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

138

Instrument Panel
■Phone*

Shows the current phone information.
2 Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® P. 512

■Units
Enables you to set the speedometer and the 
displayed measurements to read in either mph 
or km/h.

Press and hold the ENTER button. Each time 
you do this, the unit will change from mph to 
km/h or vice versa. After this, a confirmation 
screen will appear for a few seconds.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  139 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information InterfaceInstrument Panel
■Blank
Shows blank screen.

■Now Playing*

Shows the current audio information.
2 Audio System Basic Operation P. 302
* Not available on all models Continued 139



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  140 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Show/Hide Apps
You cannot hide apps with the  icon on the right 
side.

Selecting Default All in Vehicle Customization 
does not restore these settings to their original state.

Models with Display Audio
You can also add the Android Auto, Apple 
CarPlay, Sirius XM*, My Honda Music, USB, AM, 
FM, Bluetooth Audio, Social Playlist, AUX Input, 
CD* and Rear Entertainment* apps.

140

Instrument Panel
■Show/Hide Apps
You can show or hide the meter contents.

Shown Select the content you wish to show or hide, 
then press ENTER.
u Repeat it if you want to show or hide 

more than one app.

Press ENTER

Hidden
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  141 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Arrange Apps
Selecting Default All in Vehicle Customization 
does not restore these settings to their original state.

Instrument Panel
■Settings
Change the settings to your liking.

■Arrange Apps
You can change the order of the apps on the home screen.

1. Press the 3 /4  button to select Arrange 
Apps, then press ENTER.

2. Press the 3 /4  button to select the icon 
you want to move, then press ENTER.

3. Press the 3 /4  button repeatedly to move 
the icon to your desired position, then press 
ENTER.
Continued 141



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  142 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Show Tachometer
Selecting Default All in Vehicle Customization 
does not restore these settings to their original state.

142

Instrument Panel
■ Show Tachometer
You can show or hide the tachometer.

Press the 3 / 4  button to select Show 
Tachometer, then press ENTER.
u The tachometer appears when the check 

box is checked.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  143 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

1Vehicle Customization
To customize other features, press the 3 /4  button.

2 List of customizable options P. 146
2 Example of how to customize a setting 

P. 150

Change to (P before you attempt to change a 
customized setting.

Instrument Panel
Models with color audio system
■Vehicle Customization
Use the driver information interface to customize certain vehicle features.

How to customize
First, make sure the vehicle is at a complete stop and that the power mode is set to 
ON. Next, press the  (home) button, then press the 3 /4  button to select 
Settings. Finally, press the ENTER button.

Driver Information Interface:
Goes to Settings.

3 /4  Button ENTER Button
Scroll through the menu Enters the selected 
or items. item.

 Button  Button
Goes back to the previous Goes to home 
screen. screen.
Continued 143



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  144 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

144

Instrument Panel
Customization flow
Press the  (home) button.

Arrange Apps  P. 141

Settings ENTER 3 Show Tachometer  P. 142
4

Vehicle Customization

ENTER Forward Collision Warning Distance
ACC Forward Vehicle Detect Beep

Driver Assist System 3
ENTER Road Departure Mitigation Setting

Setup 4

Lane Keeping Assist Suspend Beep

Traffic Sign Recognition System Display Setting

3
Language Selection

4

“Trip A” Reset Timing
“Trip B” Reset Timing

Meter Setup ENTER 3 Adjust Alarm Volume
4

Reverse Alert Tone
Fuel Efficiency Backlight

ENTER 3 3 Rear Seat Reminder
4 4



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  145 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

Interior Light Dimming Time
Headlight Auto OFF Timer

Auto Light Sensitivity
Auto Interior Illumination Sensitivity

Auto Headlight ON With Wiper ON

Auto Door Lock
Auto Door Unlock

Key And Remote Unlock Mode
Keyless Lock Answer Back

Security Relock Timer

Instrument Panel
3
4

3
Lighting Setup ENTER

4

3
ENTER 3

4 4

3
Door Setup ENTER

4

3
4

Default All

3
4

Exit
Continued 145



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  146 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

146

Instrument Panel
■ List of customizable options

Setup Group Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Forward Collision 
Changes the distance at which CMBSTM alerts. Long/Normal*1/Short

Warning Distance

Causes the system to beep when the system detects 
ACC Forward Vehicle 

a vehicle, or when the vehicle goes out of ACC ON/OFF*1
Detect Beep

range.
Driver Assist 

Road Departure Changes the setting for the road departure Narrow/Normal*1/Wide/
System 

Mitigation Setting mitigation system. Warning Only
Setup

Lane Keeping Assist Causes the system to beep when the LKAS is 
ON/OFF*1

Suspend Beep suspended.

Traffic Sign 
Recognition System Selects whether the traffic sign icons come on. ON*1/OFF
Display Setting

*1:Default Setting



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  147 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

Selectable settings

English*1/Français/Español

 and When Fully Refueled/IGN OFF/
 is reset. Manually Reset*1

 and When Fully Refueled/IGN OFF/
 is reset. Manually Reset*1

 warnings, 
High/Mid*1/Low

the gear 
ON*1/OFF

 off. ON*1/OFF

 and off. ON*1/OFF

Instrument Panel
Setup Group Customizable Features Description

Language Selection Changes the displayed language.

Changes the setting of how the distance
“Trip A” Reset Timing

average fuel economy of trip computer A

Changes the setting of how the distance
“Trip B” Reset Timing

average fuel economy of trip computer B

Changes the volume setting for buzzers,
Meter Setup Adjust Alarm Volume

turn signals, and other alerting systems.

Causes the beeper to sound once when 
Reverse Alert Tone

position is changed to (R .

Fuel Efficiency 
Turns the ambient meter feature on and

Backlight

Rear Seat Reminder Turns the Rear Seat Reminder feature on

*1:Default Setting
Continued 147



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  148 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

Selectable settings

ghts stay on 
60sec/30sec*1/15sec

 lights stay 
60sec/30sec/15sec*1/0sec

 come on. Max/High/Mid*1/Low/Min

 of the 
itch is in the Max/High/Mid*1/Low/Min

ation when 
hile the ON*1/OFF
.

148

Instrument Panel
Setup Group Customizable Features Description

Interior Light Changes the length of time the interior li
Dimming Time after you close the doors.

Headlight Auto OFF Changes the length of time the exterior
Timer on after you close the driver’s door.

Auto Light Sensitivity Changes the timing for the headlights to
Lighting 
Setup Auto Interior Changes the sensitivity of the brightness

Illumination instrument panel when the headlight sw
Sensitivity AUTO position.

Changes the settings for the wiper oper
Auto Headlight ON 

the headlights automatically come on w
With Wiper ON

headlight switch is in the AUTO position

*1:Default Setting



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  149 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information InterfaceInstrument Panel
Setup Group Customizable Features Description Selectable settings

Changes the setting for when the doors With Vehicle Speed*1/Shift 
Auto Door Lock

automatically lock. From P/OFF

All Doors When Driver’s Door 
Changes the setting for when the doors Opens*1/All Doors When 

Auto Door Unlock
automatically unlock. Shifted To Park/All Doors When 

Ignition Switched OFF/OFF

Door Setup Key And Remote Sets up either the driver’s door or all doors to unlock 
Driver Door*1/All Doors

Unlock Mode on the first operation of the remote or built-in key.

Keyless Lock Answer LOCK/UNLOCK - The exterior lights flash.
ON*1/OFF

Back LOCK (2nd push)- The beeper sounds.

Changes the time it takes for the doors to relock and 
Security Relock Timer the security system to set after you unlock the 90sec/60sec/30sec*1

vehicle without opening a door.

Cancels customized changes you have made or 
Default All — Cancel/Set

restores them to their default setting.

*1:Default Setting
Continued 149



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  150 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

150

Instrument Panel
Example of how to customize a setting
Below are steps that explain how to change the reset timing for trip A from the 
default setting (manual) so that it resets automatically when the vehicle is fully 
refueled.

1. Press the  (home) button and then the 
3 / 4  button to select Settings, then 
press the ENTER button.

2. Press the 3 / 4  button to select Vehicle 
Customization, then press the ENTER 
button.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  151 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information InterfaceInstrument Panel
3. Press the 3 /4  button to select Meter 
Setup, then press the ENTER button.
u Language Selection appears first in the 

display.

4. Press the 3 /4  button to select “Trip A” 
Reset Timing, then press the ENTER 
button.
u The display switches to the 

customization setup screen, where you 
can select When Fully Refueled, IGN 
OFF, Manually Reset, or Exit.

5. Press the 3 / 4  button to select When 
Fully Refueled, then press the ENTER 
button.
u The SETUP “When Fully Refueled” 

screen appears, then the display returns 
to the customization menu screen.
Continued 151



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  152 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGauges and Driver Information InterfaceuDriver Information Interface

152

Instrument Panel
6. Press the 3 / 4  button until Exit appears 
on the display, then press the ENTER 
button.

7. Repeat Step 6 until you return to the 
Vehicle Customization screen, then press 
the  (home) or  (back) button to 
return to the home screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  153 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

* Not available on all m
Controls
This chapter explains how to operate the various controls necessary for driving.
Clock .................................................. 154
Locking and Unlocking the Doors

Key .................................................. 156
Low Remote Signal Strength ............ 158
Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside....159
Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside...166
Childproof Door Locks ..................... 169
Auto Door Locking/Unlocking .......... 170

Tailgate.............................................. 171
Sliding Doors ......................................... 182
Security System

Immobilizer System .............................. 191
Security System Alarm.......................... 191

Windows................................................ 194
Moonroof* ............................................. 197
odels
Operating the Switches Around the 
Steering Wheel
ENGINE START/STOP Button............. 198
Turn Signals ..................................... 201
Light Switches.................................. 202
Fog Lights* ...................................... 205
Daytime Running Lights ................... 206
Auto High-Beam.............................. 207
Wipers and Washers ............................ 210
Rear Defogger/Heated Door Mirror* Button...213
Canadian models

Heated Windshield Button ................... 214
Brightness Control ............................... 215
Driving Position Memory System* ........ 216
Adjusting the Steering Wheel .............. 218
Mirrors....................................................219
Interior Rearview Mirror........................219
Power Door Mirrors ..............................220

Seats
Front Seats ................................................222
Maintain a Proper Sitting Position ..............234
Head Restraints .........................................235

Interior Convenience Items ........................239
Dual-zone climate control system

Climate Control System
Using Automatic Climate Control ..............263
Rear Climate Control System .....................266

Tri-zone climate control system
Climate Control System

Using Automatic Climate Control ..............268
Automatic Climate Control Sensors ...........274
153



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  154 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

154

Controls
Clock
1Clock
Models with navigation system

The clock is automatically updated through the 
navigation system, so the time does not need to be 
adjusted.

Models with color audio system
These indications are used to show how to operate 
the selector knob.
Rotate  to select.
Press  to enter.

To change the setting between 12h and 24h:
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select Clock Format, then press .
4. Rotate  to select 12h or 24h, then press .
Adjusting the Clock
You can adjust the time manually in the audio/information screen, with the power 
mode in ON.

■Adjusting the Time
Models with color audio system

1. Press and hold the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Select Adjust Clock, then press .
3. Rotate  to adjust the hours.
4. Press  to switch to minute adjustment.
5. Rotate  to adjust the minutes.
6. Press  to switch to Set.
7. Press  to complete clock adjustment.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  155 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClockuAdjusting the Clock

1Clock
Models with Display Audio

You can also adjust the clock by touching the clock 
displayed on the upper right corner of the display or 
the Clock icon on the home screen.
1. Touch the clock on the display.

The clock screen of the select face-type appears.
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Date & Time Settings.
4. Select Set Date & Time.
5. Select Automatic Date & Time, then select OFF.
6. Select Set Date or Set Time.
7. Adjusting the dates, hours and minutes by 

selecting 3 /4 .
8. Select Save to set the time.

You can customize the clock display to show the 12 
hour clock or 24 hour clock.

2 Customized Features P. 465

Controls
Models with Display Audio
1. Select , then select Settings.
2. Select System.

Phone Navigati.. FM

Set Time 3. Select Date & Time.
AM 4. Select Set Date & Time.

Hours Minutes

5. Select Automatic Date & Time, then 
Save Cancel select OFF.

To adjust time:
6. Select Set Time.
7. Selecting 3 / 4 .
u AM/PM icon can be switched to each 

other either by selecting 3 /4 , or by 
directly touching the icon.

u When you customize the clock display to 
24 hour clock, AM/PM icon is not 
displayed.

2 Customized Features P. 459
8. Select Save to set the time.

To adjust date:
6. Select Set Date.
7. Selecting 3 / 4 .
8. Select Save to set the date.
155



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  156 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

156

Controls
Locking and Unlocking the Doors
1Key
All of the keys have an immobilizer system. The 
immobilizer system helps to protect against vehicle 
theft.

2 Immobilizer System P. 191

Follow the advice below to prevent damage to the 
keys:
• Do not leave the keys in direct sunlight, or in 

locations with high temperature or high humidity.
• Do not drop the keys or set heavy objects on them.
• Keep the keys away from liquids, dust or sand.
• Do not take the keys apart except for replacing the 

battery.
If the circuits in the keys are damaged, the engine 
may not start, and the remote transmitter may not 
work.
If the keys do not work properly, have them 
inspected by a dealer.

Models with smart entry system
You can remotely start the engine using the remote 
engine start.

2 Remote Engine Start with Vehicle 
Feedback* P. 554
Key
This vehicle comes with the following keys:

Models without smart Models with smart 
entry system entry system

Models with smart entry system Models with smart entry system, power 
and power sliding door sliding door, and power tailgate

Use the keys to start and stop the engine, and to lock and unlock all the doors, 
tailgate, and fuel fill door.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  157 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuKey

1Key Number Tag
Keep the key number tag separate from the key in a 
safe place outside of your vehicle.
If you wish to purchase an additional key, contact a 
dealer.

If you lose your key and you cannot start the engine, 
contact a dealer.

Controls
■Built-in Key
The built-in key can be used to lock/unlock the 

Release Knob
doors and tailgate when the remote battery 
becomes weak and the power door lock/
unlock operation is disabled.

To remove the built-in key, slide the release 
knob and then pull out the key. To reinstall 
the built-in key, push the built-in key into the 

Built-in Key
remote until it clicks.

■Key Number Tag
Contains a number that you will need if you 
purchase a replacement key.
157



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  158 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLow Remote Signal Strength

1Low Remote Signal Strength
Communication between the remote and the vehicle 
consumes the remote’s battery.
Battery life is about two years, but this varies 
depending on regularity of use.
The battery is consumed whenever the remote is 
receiving strong radio waves. Avoid placing it near 
electrical appliances such as televisions and personal 
computers.

158

Controls
Low Remote Signal Strength
The vehicle transmits radio waves to locate the remote when locking/unlocking the 
doors*, tailgate*, and fuel fill door*, opening the power sliding door* and the power 
tailgate*, or to start the engine.

In the following cases, locking/unlocking the doors*, opening the power sliding 
door* and the power tailgate*, or starting the engine may be inhibited or operation 
may be unstable:
• Strong radio waves are being transmitted by nearby equipment.
• You are carrying the remote together with telecommunications equipment, 

laptop computers, cell phones, or wireless devices.
• A metallic object is touching or covering the remote.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  159 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside
If the interior light switch is in the door activated 
position, the interior lights come on when you unlock 
the doors and tailgate.
No doors opened: The lights fade out after 30 seconds.
Doors and tailgate relocked: The lights go off immediately.

2 Interior Lights P. 239

1Using the Smart Entry with Push Button Start System*

You can lock or unlock doors using the smart entry 
system only when the power mode in VEHICLE OFF.

• Do not leave the remote in the vehicle when you 
get out. Carry it with you.

• Even if you are not carrying the remote, you can 
lock/unlock the doors and the tailgate while 
someone else with the remote is within range.

• The door may be unlocked if the door handle is 
covered with water in heavy rain or in a car wash if 
the remote is within range.

• If you grip a door handle wearing gloves, the door 
sensor may be slow to respond or may not respond 
by unlocking the doors.

• After locking the door, you have up to 2 seconds 
during which you can pull the door handle to 
confirm whether the door is locked. If you need to 
unlock the door immediately after locking it, wait 
at least 2 seconds before gripping the handle, 
otherwise the door will not unlock.

• The door might not open if you pull it immediately 
after gripping the door handle. Grip the handle 
again and confirm that the door is unlocked before 
pulling the handle.

• Even within the 32 inches (80 cm) radius, you may not 
be able to lock/unlock the doors and the tailgate with 
the remote if it is above or below the outside handle.

• The remote may not operate if it is too close to the 
door and door glass.

Controls
Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside
■Using the Smart Entry with Push Button Start System*

When you carry the remote, you can lock/
unlock the doors, fuel fill door, and open the 
tailgate.
You can lock/unlock the doors, fuel fill door, 
and tailgate within a radius of about 32 inches 
(80 cm) of the outside door handle or tailgate 
outer handle.

Door Lock ■ Locking the doors and tailgate
Button Press the door lock button on the front door 

or the tailgate.
u Some exterior lights flash; the beeper 

sounds; all the doors and tailgate lock; 
and the security system sets.

Lock Button
* Not available on all models Continued 159



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  160 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Using the Smart Entry with Push Button Start System*

If you do not open a door or the tailgate within 30 
seconds of unlocking the vehicle with the smart entry 
system, the doors and tailgate will automatically 
relock.

The light flash, beep and unlock settings can be 
customized.

2 Customized Features P. 465

Models with power tailgate
You can also unlock and open with the power 
tailgate.

2 Using the Tailgate Outer Handle P. 178

160

Controls
■Unlocking the doors and tailgate
Grab the driver’s door handle:
u The driver’s door and fuel fill door 

unlocks.
u Some exterior lights flash twice and the 

beeper sounds twice.
Grab the front passenger’s door or rear door 
handle:
u All doors and the tailgate unlock.
u Some exterior lights flash twice and the 

beeper sounds twice.

Press the tailgate outer handle:
u The tailgate unlocks.
u Some exterior lights flash twice and the 

beeper sounds twice.
2 Opening/Closing the Tailgate P. 172

Tailgate Outer 
Handle
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  161 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Locking the doors and tailgate (Walk away auto lock®)
The auto lock function is set to OFF as the factory 
default setting. The auto lock function can be set to 
ON using the audio/information screen.
If you set the auto lock function to ON using the 
audio/information screen, only the remote 
transmitter that was used to unlock the driver’s door 
prior to the setting change can activate auto lock.

2 Customized Features P. 465

After the auto lock function has been activated, 
when you stay within the locking/unlocking 
operation range, the indicator on the remote will 
continue to flash until the doors and tailgate are 
locked.

When you stay beside the vehicle within the 
operation range, the doors and tailgate will 
automatically lock approximately 30 seconds after 
the auto lock function activating beeper sounds.

When you open a door or tailgate after the auto lock 
function activating beeper sounds, the auto lock 
function will be canceled.

Under the following circumstances, the auto lock 
function will not activate:
• The remote is inside the vehicle.
uThe beeper will not sound.
• The remote is taken out of its operational range 

before all doors and tailgate are closed.
uThe beeper will sound.

Controls
■ Locking the doors and tailgate (Walk 
away auto lock®)

When you walk away from the vehicle while 
carrying the remote, the doors and tailgate 
will automatically lock.
The auto lock function activates when all 
doors and tailgate are closed, and the remote 
is within about 5 feet (1.5 m) radius of the 

The activation range of outside door handle.
the auto lock function is 
about 5 feet (1.5 m) Exit vehicle while carrying the remote and 

close door(s) and tailgate.
1. While within about 5 feet (1.5 m) radius of 

the vehicle.
u The beeper sounds; the auto lock 

function will be activated.
2. Carry the remote beyond about 5 feet (1.5 

m) from the vehicle and remain outside this 
range for 2 or more seconds.
u Some exterior lights flash; the beeper 

sounds; all doors and tailgate will then 
lock.
Continued 161



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  162 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Locking the doors and tailgate (Walk away auto lock®)
The auto lock function does not operate when any of 
the following conditions are met.
• The remote is inside the vehicle.
• A door, tailgate or the hood is not closed.
• The power mode is set to any mode other than 

OFF.
• The remote is not located within a radius of about 

5 feet (1.5 m) from the vehicle when you get out of 
the vehicle and close the doors and tailgate.

Auto lock function operation stop beeper
After the auto lock function has been activated, the 
auto lock operation stop beeper sounds for 
approximately two seconds in the following cases.
• The remote is put inside the vehicle through a 

window.
• You are located too close to the vehicle.
• The remote is put inside the tailgate.
If the warning beeper sounds, check that you are 
carrying the remote. Then, open/close a door and 
confirm the auto lock activation beeper sounds once.

Models with power tailgate
If equipped, the user must wait until the power 
tailgate fully closes before the auto lock function will 
be activated.

162

Controls
To temporarily deactivate the function:
1. Set the power mode to OFF.
2. Open the driver’s door.
3. Using the master door lock switch, operate 

the lock as follows:
LockUnlockLockUnlock.
u The beeper sounds and the function is 

deactivated.

To restore the function:
• Set the power mode to ON.
• Lock the vehicle without using the auto lock 

function.
• With the smart entry remote on you, move 

out of the auto lock function operation 
range.

• Open any door.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  163 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Using the Remote Transmitter
If you do not open a door or the tailgate within 30 
seconds of unlocking the vehicle with the remote 
transmitter, the doors and tailgate will automatically 
relock.
You can change the relock timer setting.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

The remote transmitter uses low-power signals, so 
the operating range may vary depending on the 
surroundings.

You can lock or unlock doors using the remote 
transmitter only when the power mode is in VEHICLE 
OFF.

The remote will not lock the vehicle when a door is 
open.

Controls
■Using the Remote Transmitter
■ Locking the doors and tailgate

LED
Lock Press the lock button.
Button Unlock Once:

Button u Some exterior lights flash, all the doors, 
tailgate, and fuel fill door lock, and the 
security system sets.

Twice (within five seconds after the first 
push):
u A beeper sounds and verifies the security 

LED system is set.
Unlock Lock 
Button Button
Continued 163



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  164 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Using the Remote Transmitter
If the distance at which the remote transmitter works 
varies, the battery is probably low.
If the LED does not come on when you press a 
button, the battery is dead.

2 Replacing the Button Battery P. 710

You can customize the door unlock mode setting.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

1Locking/Unlocking the Doors Using a Key
When you lock the driver’s door with a key, all of the 
other doors, tailgate, and fuel fill door lock at the 
same time. When unlocking, the driver’s door 
unlocks first. Turn the key a second time within a few 
seconds to unlock the remaining doors and the 
tailgate.

You can customize the door unlock mode setting.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

164

Controls
■Unlocking the doors and tailgate
Press the unlock button.
Once:
u Some exterior lights flash twice, and the driver’s door and fuel fill door unlocks.

Twice:
u The remaining doors and the tailgate unlock.

■ Locking/Unlocking the Doors Using a Key
If the lock or unlock button of the remote does not work, use the key instead.

Fully insert the key and turn it.

Lock Unlock



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  165 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Outside

1Locking a Door Without Using a Key
When you lock the driver’s door, all the other doors, 
tailgate, and fuel fill door lock at the same time.
When you lock the front passenger’s door with the 
master door lock switch, all the other doors and the 
tailgate lock at the same time.
Before locking a door, make sure that the key is not 
inside the vehicle.

Controls
■ Locking a Door Without Using a Key
If you do not have the key on you, or if for some reason you cannot lock a door using 
the key, you can lock the door without it.

■ Locking the front doors
Push the lock tab forward a or push the 
master door lock switch in the lock direction 
b, and close the door.

■ Locking the rear doors
Slide the lock tab downward and close the 
door.

■ Lockout prevention system
The doors and tailgate cannot be locked when the remote is inside the vehicle.
165



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  166 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside

1Using the Lock Tab
When you lock the door using the lock tab on the 
driver’s door, all of the other doors, tailgate, and fuel 
fill door lock at the same time.
When you unlock the door using the lock tab on the 
driver’s door, only the driver’s door will unlock.

166

Controls
Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside
■Using the Lock Tab
Front Front

To lock Lock Tab ■ Locking a door
Push the lock tab forward.

■Unlocking a door
To unlock Pull the lock tab rearward.

Rear Rear
■ Locking a door

To unlock Slide the lock tab downward.

■Unlocking a door
To lock Slide the lock tab upward.

Lock Tab



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  167 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside

1Unlocking Using the Front Door Inner Handle
The front door inner handles are designed to allow 
front seat occupants to open the door in one motion. 
However this feature requires that front seat 
occupants never pull a front door inner handle while 
the vehicle is in motion.

Children should always ride in a rear seat where 
childproof door locks are provided.

2 Childproof Door Locks P. 169

Controls
■Unlocking Using the Front Door Inner Handle
Pull the front door inner handle.
u The door unlocks and opens in one 

motion.

Inner Handle

Unlocking and opening the front door from the inner handle unlocks all the other 
doors.

To avoid unlocking all the doors at once, use the lock tab on the driver’s door to 
unlock, then lock again before opening the door.
u This setting works for one time only. If you do not want all the doors to be 

unlocked all the time, customize the Auto Door Unlock setting to OFF using 
the driver information interface* or audio/information screen*.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465
* Not available on all models Continued 167



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  168 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuLocking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside

1Using the Master Door Lock Switch
When you lock/unlock either front door using the 
master door lock switch, all the other doors and the 
tailgate lock/unlock at the same time.

168

Controls
■Using the Master Door Lock Switch
Press the master door lock switch in as shown 

To unlock to lock or unlock all doors, tailgate, and fuel 
fill door.

To lock
Master Door 
Lock Switch



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  169 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuChildproof Door Locks

1Childproof Door Locks

Unlock

Lock

To open the door from the inside when the 
childproof door lock is on, put the lock tab in the 
unlock position, lower the rear window, put your 
hand out of the window, and pull the outside door 
handle.

Models with power sliding doors
The door pillar switches become disabled.

2 Power Sliding Door Switches P. 186
You can open and close the power sliding door, using 
the power sliding door switches near the steering 
wheel, or the remote.

Controls
Childproof Door Locks
The childproof door locks prevent the rear doors from being opened from the inside 
regardless of the position of the lock tab.

■Setting the Childproof Door Locks
Slide the lever in the rear door to the lock 

Unlock position, and close the door.

■When opening the sliding door
Lock Open the door using the outside door handle.
169



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  170 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuLocking and Unlocking the DoorsuAuto Door Locking/Unlocking

1Auto Door Locking/Unlocking
You can turn off or change to another auto door 
locking/unlocking setting using the driver 
information interface* or audio/information screen*.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

170

Controls
Auto Door Locking/Unlocking
Your vehicle locks and unlocks all doors and the tailgate automatically when a 
certain condition is met.

■Auto Door Locking
■Drive lock mode
All doors and the tailgate lock when the vehicle’s speed reaches about 10 mph (15 
km/h).

■Auto Door Unlocking
■Driver’s door open mode
All doors and the tailgate unlock when the driver’s door is opened.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  171 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Tailgate
1Precautions for Opening/Closing the Tailgate

3WARNING
Anyone caught in the path of a tailgate 
that is being opened or closed can be 
seriously injured.

Make sure that all people are clear of the 
tailgate before opening or closing it.

Be careful not to hit your head on the tailgate or to 
put your hands between the tailgate and the cargo 
area when closing the tailgate.

When you are storing or picking up luggage from the 
cargo area, or by using a forward and back kicking 
motion under the center of the rear bumper for 
hands free access*, while the engine is idling, do not 
stand in front of the exhaust pipe. You may get 
burned.

Do not allow any passenger in the cargo space. They 
may get hurt during hard braking, a sudden 
acceleration, or a crash.

Controls
Precautions for Opening/Closing the Tailgate
Always make sure individuals and objects are clear of the tailgate before opening or 
closing it.
Models without power tailgate

• Open the tailgate all the way.
u If it is not fully opened, the tailgate may begin to close under its own weight.

• Be careful when it is windy. The wind may cause the tailgate to close.
All models

Keep the tailgate closed while driving to: 
u Avoid possible damage.
u Prevent exhaust gas from leaking into the vehicle.

2 Carbon Monoxide Gas P. 85
* Not available on all models 171



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  172 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Tailgate

1Opening/Closing the Tailgate
Do not leave the remote in the vehicle when you get 
out. Carry it with you.

Models with smart entry system
Even if you are not carrying the remote, you can lock/
unlock the tailgate while someone else with the 
remote is within range.

All models
Do not leave the remote inside the cargo area and 
close the tailgate. The beeper sounds and the tailgate 
cannot be closed.

172

Controls
Opening/Closing the Tailgate
When all the doors are unlocked or press the 
tailgate unlock button on the remote 
transmitter, the tailgate is unlocked.

Press the outer handle of the tailgate and lift 
open the tailgate.
Models with smart entry system

Outer Handle If you are carrying the remote, you do not 
have to unlock the tailgate before opening it.
To close the tailgate, grab the inner handle, 
pull the tailgate down, and push it closed 
from outside.

If you close the tailgate when all the doors are 
locked, the tailgate locks automatically.
u Some exterior lights flash.

Inner Handle



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  173 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Tailgate

1Using the Remote Transmitter
If you have unlocked and opened the tailgate using 
the remote, when closing, the tailgate locks 
automatically.

Controls
■Using the Remote Transmitter
Press the tailgate unlock button to unlock the 
tailgate.

Tailgate 
Unlock 
Button

Tailgate 
Unlock 
Button
173



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  174 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Opening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

3WARNING
Opening or closing a power tailgate while 
any part of a passenger is in the tailgate’s 
operating path can cause serious injury.

Make sure all passengers or objects are 
clear of the tailgate operating range 
before opening or closing the tailgate.

NOTICE
Do not push or pull on the power tailgate when it is 
being automatically opened or closed.
Forcibly opening or closing the power tailgate while 
in operation can deform the tailgate frame.

When operating the power tailgate, make sure there 
is enough space around your vehicle. People near the 
tailgate may be seriously hurt if the tailgate hits or 
closes on their heads. Be especially cautious if 
children are around.

The power tailgate may not open or close under the 
following conditions:
• You start the engine while the tailgate is 

automatically opening or closing.
• The vehicle is parked on a steep hill.
• The vehicle is swayed in a strong wind.
• The tailgate or the roof is covered with snow or ice.

174

Controls
Opening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

The power tailgate can be operated by pressing the power tailgate button on the 
remote transmitter, pressing the power tailgate button in the driver’s side control 
panel, pressing the button on the tailgate, or by raising and lowering your foot 
under the center of the rear bumper for hands free access (if equipped).

The power tailgate can be opened/closed when the transmission is in (P .
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  175 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Using the Hands Free Access*

During rain or in other instances when the vehicle 
becomes wet, the sensor may not properly detect 
your foot motion.

When performing work on or around the rear section 
of the vehicle, you may inadvertently open or close 
the tailgate.
To prevent this from happening, select Customized 
Features on the audio/information screen display and 
then select OFF for the feature.

2 Customized Features P. 465

If you hold your foot under the bumper for too long, 
the power tailgate does not open or close.

This function will not operate if you don’t have the 
smart entry remote on you. Please make sure you 
have the smart entry remote on you.

The duration of the kicking motion should be 
approximately one second.

Controls
■Using the Hands Free Access*

Use a forward and back kicking motion under 
the center of the rear bumper to open or close 
the power tailgate while carrying the smart 
entry remote.
u Some exterior lights will flash and a 

beeper sounds, then the tailgate begins 
to move.
* Not available on all models Continued 175



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  176 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Opening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

If you close the power tailgate when all the doors are 
locked, the power tailgate locks automatically.

If you replace the battery or the power tailgate fuse 
while the tailgate is open, the power tailgate may be 
disabled. The power tailgate resumes once you 
manually close the tailgate.

Installing aftermarket components other than Honda 
genuine accessories on the power tailgate may 
prevent it from fully opening or closing.

Make sure the power tailgate is fully open before you 
get your luggage in and out.

The beeper sounds when you start driving while the 
power tailgate is still open, or closing.

176

Controls
■Using the Remote Transmitter
Press the power tailgate button for more than 
one second to operate when the power mode 
is in VEHICLE OFF.
u Some exterior lights flash and the beeper 

Power 
Tailgate sounds.
Button

If you press the button again while the power 
tailgate is moving, it will stop.
Press the button for more than one second, 
and the power tailgate will reverse direction.

■Customizing when to open the tailgate
Anytime: The power tailgate unlocks and opens at the same time. This is the 
default setting.
When Unlocked: The tailgate opens when all doors are unlocked.

2 Customized Features P. 465
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  177 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Opening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

If the power tailgate meets resistance while opening 
or closing, the auto reverse feature reverses the 
direction. The beeper sounds three times.

The auto reverse function stops sensing when the 
tailgate is almost closed to make sure that it fully 
closes.

Do not touch the sensors located on both sides of the 
tailgate. The power tailgate does not close if you 
touch either sensor when you are trying to close the 
tailgate.

Be careful not to scratch the sensors with a sharp 
object. If scratched, they can be damaged, and the 
power tailgate closing feature malfunctions.

Controls
■Using the Power Tailgate Button
Power Tailgate Button To open or close the power tailgate, press the 

power tailgate button for about one second.
u Some exterior lights flash and the beeper 

sounds.

If you press the button again while the power 
tailgate is moving, it will stop.
Press the button for about one second, and 
the power tailgate will reverse direction.
* Not available on all models Continued 177



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  178 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Using the Tailgate Outer Handle
Do not leave the remote in the vehicle when you get 
out. Carry it with you.

Even if you are not carrying the remote, you can lock/
unlock the tailgate while someone else with the 
remote is within range.

Do not leave the remote inside the cargo area and 
close the tailgate. The beeper sounds and the tailgate 
cannot be closed.

You can change the setting to open the power 
tailgate by the tailgate outer handle.

2 Customized Features P. 465

178

Controls
■Using the Tailgate Outer Handle
If you press the outer handle of the tailgate for 
no longer than one second, the tailgate opens 
automatically.
u The beeper sounds.
u If you want to open the tailgate 

manually, press the button for more than 
one second.

Outer Handle 2 Opening/Closing the Tailgate P. 172

If you are carrying the smart entry remote, you 
do not have to unlock the tailgate before 
opening it.

If you press the outer handle again while the 
power tailgate is moving, it will stop.
Press the outer handle, and the power tailgate 
will reverse direction.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  179 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*Controls
■Using the Tailgate Inner Button
Press the tailgate inner button on the tailgate 
to close the power tailgate.
u The beeper sounds.

If you press the button again while the power 
tailgate is moving, it will stop.
Press and release the button again, and the 
power tailgate will reverse direction.

Tailgate Inner Button
Continued 179



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  180 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Programming Tailgate Position
If the tailgate is only slightly opened, the position 
cannot be programmed, even if you push the tailgate 
inner button.

If you want to reprogram the power tailgate to open 
all the way, manually raise the tailgate to its upper 
most position and follow the directions in step 2.

180

Controls
■Programming Tailgate Position
The extent to which the power tailgate 
automatically opens can be programmed.

To program:
1. Open the tailgate to the desired position.

Tailgate Inner Button 2. Press and hold the tailgate inner button. 
You will hear one long beep, followed by 
two short beeps.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  181 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTailgateuOpening/Closing the Power Tailgate*

1Auto-Closer
The auto-closer feature does not activate if you press 
the tailgate outer handle while the power tailgate is 
closing.

NOTICE
Do not put any force on the tailgate while the power 
tailgate is latching.

Keep your hands away from the tailgate when you 
manually close the tailgate and let it latch 
automatically. It is dangerous to put your hands 
around the tailgate as it starts to latch itself.

1Power Tailgate Fall Detection
If you try to manually close the power tailgate 
immediately after it fully opens, the power tailgate 
fall detection may activate.

Once the power tailgate fall detection activates, wait 
until the power tailgate fully closes. Keep away from 
the power tailgate when it is in motion.

If the power tailgate fall detection constantly 
activates, consult at a dealer.

Controls
■Auto-Closer
If you manually close the power tailgate, it latches automatically.

■Power Tailgate Fall Detection
Automatically lowers the power tailgate when there is a possibility that the fully 
opened power tailgate can fall down by its own weight (for example, by snow on 
the tailgate). The beeper sounds while the power tailgate lowers.
181



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  182 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

182

Controls
Sliding Doors
1Precautions for Opening/Closing the Sliding Doors

3WARNING
Closing a sliding door while any part of a 
passenger is in the door’s path can cause 
serious injury.

Make sure all passengers are clear of the 
doorway before closing a sliding door.

Do not leave the sliding door open while parking on 
a slope. The door may slide close by its weight.

When opening or closing the sliding doors, do not 
grab the door or place your hand on the vehicle body. 
Use the handle.

Do not put your foot and hand on the sliding door rail 
and on the rollers.

If a small child is in the vehicle, use the childproof 
door locks to prevent the child in the rear seat from 
accidentally opening the sliding doors.

2 Childproof Door Locks P. 169

Do not put any items that stick out from the pocket 
in the door pockets. It may prevent the doors from 
properly opening or closing, and damage the vehicle.
Precautions for Opening/Closing the Sliding Doors
Always make sure individuals and objects are clear of the sliding doors.

■Opening the sliding doors
Open the door all the way until it stops.
u If it is not fully opened, the door may close again by its own weight.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  183 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing a Sliding Door

1Opening/Closing a Sliding Door
Once a door is fully opened, the door position is 
locked.

Do not step on the lower arm of the sliding door or 
the cover that stores the wiring for the sliding door. 
The lower arm or the wiring will likely be damaged, 
causing the sliding door to malfunction.

Cover

Lower Arm

If you try to open the sliding door with the window 
open more than 5 inch (13 cm), the door stops 
halfway. Close the door, close the window, and then 
open the door again.

While the fuel fill door is open, the beeper sounds 
and you cannot operate the driver’s side sliding door. 
Operate the driver’s side sliding door after the fuel fill 
door is closed.

Controls
Opening/Closing a Sliding Door
■ From outside
To open: Pull the door handle rearward and 
slide the door.
To close: Pull the door handle forward and 
slide the door.

Door Handle

■ From inside
To open: Grab the inner handle and pull it 
rearward. Slide the door.
To close: Grab the inner handle and pull it 

Close forward. Slide the door.
Open

Inner Handle
183



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  184 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

1Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

If the transmission is in a position other than (P, and 
release the brake pedal and the parking brake:
While opening – The sliding door stops and is left 
ajar.
While closing – The beeper sounds until the door 
closes.

Check that passengers, especially children, do not 
have their hands on the sliding doors or on the door 
pillars before its operation. If someone is caught in 
the opening or closing sliding door, it can cause 
serious injury.

Before replacing a rear tire, turn the power sliding 
door main switch to OFF.

Operate the power sliding doors only when the 
vehicle is at a complete stop. Make sure you apply the 
brake when rear passengers are boarding or exiting.

184

Controls
Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

The power sliding doors can be operated by pressing the power sliding door button 
on the remote, pressing the power sliding door switches on the dashboard or door 
pillars, or using the door handle.

The power sliding doors can be operated when:
• The sliding door main switch is in the ON position.
• The power sliding door is unlocked.
• The fuel fill door is closed (on the driver’s side sliding door only).
• The power mode is in VEHICLE OFF or the remote engine start mode is active with 

use of the remote.
• The transmission is in (P, the brake pedal is depressed, or the parking brake is 

applied (with the power mode in ON) when using the power sliding door switches 
on the dashboard.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  185 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

1Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

Do not turn the main switch off while the power 
sliding door is in operation on a slope. The power 
sliding door’s fail-safe mode activates and the beeper 
sounds continuously.

When the fail-safe mode is active, turn the main 
switch on and close the door automatically.

The following can deactivate the fail-safe mode and 
the sliding door may close by its own weight:
• Using the door handle
• Turning the main switch from ON to OFF

If you replace the battery or the power sliding door 
fuse while the door is open, the power sliding door 
may be disabled. The power sliding door resumes 
once you manually close the door.

Controls
■Switching between manual and automatic operations
Automatic operation: Select the ON 

ON position of the sliding door main switch.
Manual operation: Select the OFF position 
of the sliding door main switch.

OFF 2 Opening/Closing a Sliding Door P. 183
* Not available on all models Continued 185



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  186 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

1Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

Auto Reverse

Pinch 
Sensor

Do not touch the pinch sensor located at the front 
edge of the power sliding door. Do not damage the 
sensor. The power sliding door may not operate 
properly.

If the power sliding door senses resistance when 
closing automatically, it will stop closing and reverse 
direction. The beeper sounds.

Before the power sliding door operation, make sure 
there are no people or obstacles near the door. The 
auto reverse function should be activated in case of 
emergency only. If someone is caught in the opening 
or closing sliding door, it can cause serious injury. Pay 
special attention to children.

Closing a power sliding door on someone’s hand or 
fingers can cause serious injury. Some parts of the 
door edge do not sense resistance when the door is 
near closing.

186

Controls
■Power Sliding Door Switches
The power sliding door opens when you press 
the OPEN side of the  /  switch, and 
closes when you press the CLOSE side of the 

 /  switch.

While the power sliding door is in operation, if 
you press the switch that corresponds to that 
power sliding door, the beeper sounds and 
the operation stops.

To resume the power sliding door operation, 
press the same switch again.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  187 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

1Remote Transmitter
When you press the power sliding door button to 
open the door, the front door on the same side 
unlocks.

1Customizing when to open the sliding doors
In When Unlocked, trying to operate the power 
sliding door without unlocking the door triggers the 
beeper to sound.

Controls
■Remote Transmitter
Driver’s Side Power Sliding Door Press the power sliding door button for more 
Button than one second to operate.

While the power sliding door is in operation, if 
you press the button that corresponds to that 
power sliding door, the beeper sounds and 
the operation stops.

If you press the same button again, the sliding 
door reverses its direction.

Passenger’s Side Power Sliding 
Door Button

■Customizing when to open the sliding doors
Anytime: The power sliding door unlocks and opens at the same time. This is the 
default setting.
When Unlocked: The door opens when all doors are unlocked.

2 Customized Features P. 465
Continued 187



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  188 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

1Opening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*

The beeper will sound and the power sliding door will 
not open if you pull the inner or outer handle under 
the following conditions:
• The power mode is in ON.
• The transmission is not in (P.
• The brake pedal is released.
• The parking brake is released.

If you leave the power sliding door half open on a 
steep hill with the engine off, the door starts to slide 
down toward the hill bottom after 30 minutes. While 
the door slides down, the beeper sounds.

188

Controls
■Door Handles
■Outer handles
Pull up on the outer handle toward you. The 
sliding door starts opening or closing.

When the power sliding door is locked, pulling 
the outer handle unlocks all the doors and 
tailgate while the remote is in your possession.

Outer Handle The power sliding door handle you pull 
operates the door automatically.

While a power sliding door is in operation, if 
you pull its handle, the beeper sounds and the 
operation stops.
Pull the same handle again, the power sliding 
door reverses direction.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  189 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuOpening/Closing the Power Sliding Doors*Controls
■ Inner handles
Pull it rearward to automatically open the 
sliding door, and pull it forward to 
automatically close the door.

Close
Open While a power sliding door is in operation, if 

you pull its handle, the beeper sounds and the 
operation stops.

Inner Handle
To resume the power sliding door operation, 
pull the same handle in the same direction 
again.
189



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  190 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSliding DoorsuAuto-Closer*

1Auto-Closer*

Keep your hands away from the power sliding door. 
The manually closed door latches automatically when 
it is half-shut.

The auto-closer feature does not activate if you keep 
pulling the inner or outer handle while the sliding 
door is closing.

Do not put any force on the power sliding door while 
the door is latching.

190

Controls
Auto-Closer*

If you manually close the power sliding door, it latches automatically.

The auto-closer feature activates with or without the main switch ON.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  191 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Security System
1Immobilizer System

NOTICE
Leaving the key in the vehicle can result in theft or 
accidental movement of the vehicle. 
Always take the key with you whenever you leave the 
vehicle unattended.

Do not alter the system or add other devices to it.
Doing so may damage the system and make your 
vehicle inoperable.

Canadian models only: Apply and hold the brake 
pedal before turning the vehicle on the first time after 
the battery has been disconnected.

1Security System Alarm
The security system alarm continues for a maximum 
of two minutes until the security system alarm 
deactivates.

Controls
Immobilizer System
The immobilizer system prevents a key that has not been pre-registered from 
starting the engine. Each key contains electronic transmitters that use electronic 
signals to verify the key.

Pay attention to the following when pressing the ENGINE START/STOP button:
• Do not allow objects that emit strong radio waves near the ENGINE START/

STOP button.
• Make sure the key is not covered by or touching a metal object.
• Do not bring a key from another vehicle’s immobilizer system near the ENGINE 

START/STOP button.
• Do not put the key near magnetic items. Electronic devices, such as televisions 

and audio systems emit strong magnetic fields. Note that even a key chain can 
become magnetic.

Security System Alarm
The security system alarm activates when the tailgate, hood, or doors are forcibly 
opened.
The alarm does not activate if the tailgate or doors are opened with the key, remote 
transmitter or smart entry system*.

However, the alarm activates if a door is opened with the key, then the hood is 
opened before the power mode is set to ON.

■When the security system alarm activates
The horn sounds intermittently, and some exterior lights flash.
* Not available on all models Continued 191



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  192 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSecurity SystemuSecurity System Alarm

1Security System Alarm
Do not set the security system alarm when someone 
is in the vehicle or a window is open. The system can 
accidentally activate when:
• Unlocking the door with the lock tab.
• Opening the hood with the hood release.
Models with power tailgate

• Opening the tailgate with the power tailgate 
button on the dashboard.

If the battery goes dead after you have set the 
security system alarm, the security alarm may activate 
once the battery is recharged or replaced.
If this occurs, deactivate the security system alarm by 
unlocking a door using the remote transmitter or 
smart entry system*.

Do not alter the system or add other devices to it.
Doing so may damage the system and make your 
vehicle inoperable.

192

Controls
■ To deactivate the security system alarm
Unlock the vehicle using remote transmitter or smart entry system*, or set the power 
mode to ON. The system, along with the horn and flashing lights, is deactivated.

■ Setting the security system alarm
The security system alarm automatically sets when the following conditions have 
been met:
• The power mode is set to VEHICLE OFF.
• The hood is closed.
• All doors and the tailgate are locked from outside with the key, remote 

transmitter or smart entry system*.

■When the security system alarm sets
The security system alarm indicator in the instrument panel blinks. When the 
blinking interval changes after about 15 seconds, the security system alarm is set.

■ To cancel the security system alarm
The security system alarm is canceled when the vehicle is unlocked using the remote 
transmitter, or smart entry system*, or when the power mode is set to ON. The 
security system alarm indicator goes off at the same time.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  193 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSecurity SystemuSecurity System AlarmControls
■Panic Mode
■ The panic button on the remote 

transmitter
If you press the panic button for 
approximately one second, the following will 
occur for about 30 seconds:

Panic • The horn sounds.
Button

• Some exterior lights flash.

■Canceling panic mode
• Press any button on the remote transmitter.
• Set the power mode to ON.
193



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  194 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

194

Controls
Windows
1Opening/Closing the Power Windows

3WARNING
Closing a power window on someone’s 
hands or fingers can cause serious injury.

Make sure your passengers are away from 
the windows before closing them.

The power windows can be operated for up to 10 
minutes after you set the power mode to VEHICLE 
OFF.
Opening either front door cancels this function.

Auto Reverse
If a power window senses resistance when closing 
automatically, it will stop closing and reverse 
direction.

The driver’s window auto reverse function is disabled 
when you continuously pull up the switch.

The auto reverse function stops sensing when the 
window is almost closed to ensure that it fully closes.
Opening/Closing the Power Windows
The power windows can be opened and closed when the power mode is in ON, 
using the switches on the doors. The driver’s side switches can be used to open and 
close all of the windows.

The power window lock button on the driver’s side must be switched off (not 
pushed in, indicator off) to open and close the windows from anywhere other than 
the driver’s seat.

When the power window lock button is pushed in, the indicator comes on and you 
can only operate the driver’s window. Turn the power window lock button on if a 
child is in the vehicle.

■Opening/Closing the Windows with Auto-Open/Close 
Function

■Manual operation
ON

To open: Push the switch down lightly, and 
OFF

hold it until the desired position is reached.
Power Window To close: Pull the switch up lightly, and hold it 
Lock Button

until the desired position is reached.
Driver’s Indicator
Window 
Switch ■Automatic operation

Front To open: Push the switch down firmly.
Passenger’s To close: Pull the switch up firmly.

Rear Passenger’s Window 
Window Switch* Switch

The window opens or closes completely. To 
stop the window at any time, push or pull the 
switch briefly.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  195 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWindowsuOpening/Closing the Power Windows

1Opening/Closing the Power Windows
While driving with any of the windows open, you 
may hear a booming, throbbing, or helicopter-type 
noise or pressure. This is called wind buffeting. This is 
a normal occurrence that can be minimized.

If you hear a wind buffeting noise with any of the 
windows open, lower all of the other windows 
slightly or open the moonroof*.

1Opening the Windows with the Remote
Models with moonroof

If you open the windows with the remote, the 
moonroof will open automatically along with them.

Controls
■Opening/Closing Windows without Auto-Open/Close 
Function*

Second row seat Close To open: Push the switch down.
To close: Pull the switch up.

Release the switch when the window reaches 
Open

the desired position.

■Opening the Windows with the Remote
Unlock To open: Press the unlock button, and then 
Button within 10 seconds, press it again and hold it. If 

the windows stop midway, repeat the 
procedure.
* Not available on all models Continued 195



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  196 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWindowsuOpening/Closing the Power Windows

1Opening/Closing the Windows with the Key
Models with moonroof

If you open/close the windows with the key, the 
moonroof will open/close automatically along with 
them.

196

Controls
■Opening/Closing the Windows with the Key
To open: Unlock the driver’s door with the 
key. Within 10 seconds of returning the key to 
the central position, turn the key in the unlock 
direction and hold it there.

Close Open To close: Lock the driver’s door with the key. 
Within 10 seconds of returning the key to the 
central position, turn the key in the lock 
direction and hold it there.

Release the key to stop the windows at the 
desired position. If you want further 
adjustment, repeat the same operation.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  197 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Moonroof*
1Opening/Closing the Moonroof

3WARNING
Opening or closing the moonroof on 
someone’s hands or fingers can cause 
serious injury.

Make sure all hands and fingers are clear of 
the moonroof before opening or closing it.

NOTICE
Opening the moonroof in below freezing 
temperature or when it is covered with snow or ice 
can damage the moonroof panel or motor.

The moonroof can be operated for up to 10 minutes 
after you set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF.
Opening either front door cancels this function.

When resistance is detected, the auto reverse 
function causes the moonroof to change directions, 
then stop. Auto reverse stops sensing when the 
moonroof is almost closed to ensure that it fully 
closes.

You can use the remote transmitter or the key to 
operate the moonroof.

2 Opening the Windows with the Remote 
P. 195

2 Opening/Closing the Windows with the 
Key P. 196

Controls
Opening/Closing the Moonroof
You can only operate the moonroof when the power mode is in ON. Use the switch 
in the front of the ceiling to open and close the moonroof.

■Using the Moonroof Switch
■Automatic operation

Open
To open: Pull the switch back firmly.
To close: Push the switch forward firmly.

The moonroof will automatically open or close 
all the way. To stop the moonroof midway, 

Close Tilt pull or push the switch briefly.

■Manual operation
To open: Pull the switch back lightly, and 
hold it until the desired position is reached.
To close: Push the switch forward lightly, and 
hold it until the desired position is reached.

■ Tilting the moonroof up
To tilt: Push on the center of the moonroof 
switch.
To close: Push the switch forward firmly, 
then release.
* Not available on all models 197



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  198 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

198

Controls
Operating the Switches Around the Steering Wheel
1ENGINE START/STOP Button
ENGINE START/STOP Button Operating Range
You can start the engine when the remote is inside 
the vehicle.

Operating Range

The engine may also run if the remote is close to the 
door or window, even if it is outside the vehicle.

ON mode:
The ENGINE START/STOP button is red when the 
engine is running.

If the battery of the remote is getting low, the engine 
may not start when you press the ENGINE START/
STOP button. If the engine does not start, refer to 
the following link.

2 If the Remote Battery is Weak P. 735
ENGINE START/STOP Button
■Changing the Power Mode

VEHICLE OFF (LOCK)
The button is off.
The steering wheel is locked*1. 
The power to all electrical components is turned off.

ACCESSORY
The button blinks (in red).
Operate the audio system and other accessories 
in this position.

ON
The button blinks (in red).
All electrical components can be used.

Without pressing the brake pedal

Press the button without the 
gear position in Press the button.

(P.

Change to (P then press the U.S. models
button. Change to (P.

*1:Canadian models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  199 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluENGINE START/STOP Button

1ENGINE START/STOP Button
Canadian models

If the power mode does not change from VEHICLE 
OFF to ACCESSORY, press the ENGINE START/STOP 
button while moving the steering wheel left and 
right. The steering wheel will unlock, allowing the 
mode to change.

Do not leave the power mode in ACCESSORY or ON 
when you get out.

Controls
■Automatic Power Off
If you leave the vehicle for 30 to 60 minutes with the transmission in (P  and the 
power mode in ACCESSORY, the vehicle automatically goes into the mode similar to 
VEHICLE OFF (LOCK) to avoid draining the battery.

Canadian models
When in this mode:
The steering wheel does not lock. 
You cannot lock or unlock doors with the remote transmitter or the smart entry 
system.

Press the ENGINE START/STOP button to switch the mode to VEHICLE OFF (LOCK).
Continued 199



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  200 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluENGINE START/STOP Button

1Remote Reminder
When the remote is within the system’s operational 
range, and all the doors are closed, the warning 
function cancels.

If the remote is taken out of the vehicle after the 
engine has been started, you can no longer change 
the ENGINE START/STOP button mode or restart 
the engine. Always make sure if the remote is in your 
vehicle when you operate the ENGINE START/STOP 
button.

Removing the remote from the vehicle through a 
window does not activate the warning buzzer.

Do not put the remote on the dashboard or in the 
glove box. It may cause the warning buzzer to 
activate. Under some other conditions that can 
prevent the vehicle from locating the remote, the 
warning buzzer may also activate even if the remote 
is within the system’s operational range.

200

Controls
■Power Mode Reminder
If you open the driver’s door when the power mode is set to ACCESSORY, a warning 
beep sounds.

■Remote Reminder
When the power mode is set to any mode 
other than OFF and you remove the remote 
from the vehicle and shut the door, an alarm 
will sound. If the alarm continues to sound, 
place the remote in another location.

■When the power mode is in 
ACCESSORY

The alarm will sound from outside the vehicle.

■When the power mode is in ON
An alarm will sound both inside and outside 
the vehicle. In addition, a warning indicator 
will appear on the instrument panel.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  201 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluTurn Signals

1Turn Signals
The turn signal indicator on the instrument panel will 
blink when the external turn signal blinks.

2 Indicators P. 88

Controls
Turn Signals
The turn signals can be used when the power 
mode is in ON.

(A)

(B) ■ (A): Turn signal
Push the lever up or down based on the 

(B)
direction you want to turn, and the turn signal 

(A) will blink.

■ (B): One-touch turn signal
When you lightly push the lever up or down 
and release it, the turn signal will blink 3 
times.
201



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  202 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluLight Switches

1Light Switches
If you leave the power mode in VEHICLE OFF with the 
lights on, a chime sounds when the driver’s door is 
opened.

When the lights are on, the lights on indicator in the 
instrument panel will be on.

2 Lights On Indicator P. 98

Do not leave the lights on when the engine is off 
because it will cause the battery to discharge.

If you sense that the level of the headlights is 
abnormal, have the vehicle inspected by a dealer.

202

Controls
Light Switches
■Manual Operation
Models without default AUTO position Rotating the light switch turns the lights on 
switch and off, regardless of the power mode 

High Beams setting.
■High beams
Push the lever forward until you hear a click.
■ Low beams
When in high beams, pull the lever back to 

Low Beams return to low beams.
Flashing the high beams ■ Flashing the high beams

Pull the lever back, and release it.
Models with default AUTO position 
switch Models with default AUTO position switch

High Beams ■ Lights off
Turn the lever to OFF either when:
• The transmission is in (P.
• The parking brake is applied.

To turn the lights on again, turn the lever to 
Low Beams OFF to cancel the lights off mode. Even if you 

Flashing the high beams do not cancel the lights off mode, the lights 
come on automatically when:

Turns on parking, side marker, • The transmission is taken out of (P and the 
tail, and rear license plate lights parking brake is released.
Turns on headlights, parking, • The vehicle starts to move.
side marker, tail, and rear license 
plate lights



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  203 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluLight Switches

1Automatic Operation (automatic lighting control)
We recommend that you turn on the lights manually 
when driving at night, in a dense fog, or in dark areas 
such as long tunnels or parking facilities.

The light sensor is in the location shown below.
Do not cover this light sensor with anything; 
otherwise, the automatic lighting system may not 
work properly.

Models without 
automatic 
intermittent wiper

Light 
Sensor

Models with automatic intermittent 
wiper

Light Sensor

Controls
■Automatic Operation (automatic lighting control)
Models without default AUTO position Automatic lighting control can be used when 
switch the power mode is in ON.

Models without default AUTO position switch
When you turn the light switch to AUTO, the 
headlights and other exterior lights will switch 
on and off automatically depending on the 
ambient brightness.

Models with default AUTO position switch
Models with default AUTO position 
switch When the light switch is in AUTO, the 

headlights and other exterior lights will switch 
on and off automatically depending on the 
ambient brightness.

The headlights come on when you unlock a 
door in dark areas with the headlight switch in 
AUTO.
u Once you lock the door, the headlights 

will go off.
Continued 203



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  204 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluLight Switches

1Automatic Operation (automatic lighting control)
U.S. models

You can adjust the auto light sensitivity as follows:

Setting The exterior lights come on 
when the ambient light is at

MAX Bright
HIGH
MID
LOW
MIN Dark

2 Customized Features P. 465

1Headlight Integration with Wiper
This feature activates when AUTO mode is selected 
and the headlights are off.
The instrument panel brightness does not change 
when the headlights come on.

At dark ambient light levels, the automatic lighting 
control feature turns on the headlights, regardless of 
the number of wiper sweeps.

1Automatic Lighting Off Feature
You can change the headlight auto off timer setting.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

204

Controls
■Headlight Integration with Wiper
The headlights automatically come on when the wipers are used several times within 
a certain number of intervals with the headlight switch in AUTO.
The headlights automatically go off a few minutes later if the wipers are stopped.

■Automatic Lighting Off Feature
The headlights, all other exterior lights, and the instrument panel lights turn off 15 
seconds after you set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF, take the remote with you, 
and close the driver’s door.

If you set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF with the headlight switch on, but do not 
open the door, the lights turn off after 10 minutes (3 minutes, if the switch is in the 
AUTO position).

The lights turn on again when you unlock or open the driver’s door. If you unlock 
the door, but do not open it within 15 seconds, the lights go off. If you open the 
driver’s door, you will hear a reminder chime alerting you that the lights are on.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  205 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluFog Lights*Controls
Fog Lights*

When the low beam headlights are on, turn 
the fog light switch on to use the fog lights.

Fog Light Switch
* Not available on all models 205



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  206 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluDaytime Running Lights

206

Controls
Daytime Running Lights
When the conditions listed below are met, the daytime running lights come on:
• The power mode is in ON.
• The headlight switch is off.
• The parking brake is released.

The lights remain on even if you set the parking brake. Setting the power mode to 
VEHICLE OFF will turn off the daytime running lights.

The daytime running lights go off once the headlight switch is turned on, or when 
the headlight switch is in AUTO and it is getting dark outside.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  207 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluAuto High-Beam

1Auto High-Beam
The auto high-beam system does not always operate 
in every situation. This system is just for assisting the 
driver. Always observe your surroundings and switch 
the headlights between high beam and low beam 
manually if necessary.

If you find the timing of beam changes inconvenient 
for driving, change the headlight beams manually.

The range and the distance at which the camera can 
recognize varies depending on conditions 
surrounding your vehicle.

Regarding the handling of the camera mounted to 
the inside of the windshield, refer to the following.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

For the auto high-beam to work properly:
• Do not place an object that reflects light on the 

dashboard.
• Keep the windshield around the camera clean. 

When cleaning the windshield, be careful not to 
apply the windshield cleanser to the camera lens.

• Do not attach an object, sticker or film to the area 
around the camera.

• Do not touch the camera lens.

If the camera receives a strong impact, or repairing of 
the area near the camera is required, consult a dealer.

Controls
Auto High-Beam
The front sensor camera detects the light sources ahead of the vehicle such as the 
lights of a preceding or oncoming vehicle, or street lights. When you are driving at 
night, the system automatically switches the headlights between low beam and high 
beam depending on the situation.

Front Sensor Camera

■How to Use the Auto High-Beam
When all of the following conditions have been met, the auto high-beam indicator 
comes on and the auto high-beam is activated.

• The power mode is in ON.
Auto High- • The light switch is in AUTO.
Beam 
Indicator • The lever is in the low beam position.

• The headlights have been automatically 
Light Switch activated.

• It is dark outside the vehicle.

If the auto high-beam indicator does not come on even when all the conditions have 
been met, carry out the following procedure and the indicator will come on.
• Pull the lever toward you for flashing the high beams then release it while driving.
Continued 207



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  208 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluAuto High-Beam

1How to Use the Auto High-Beam
In the following cases, the auto high-beam system 
may not switch the headlights properly or the 
switching timing may be changed. In case of the 
automatic switching operation does not fit for your 
driving habits, please switch the headlights manually.

• The brightness of the lights from the preceding or 
oncoming vehicle is intense or poor.

• Visibility is poor due to the weather (rain, snow, 
fog, windshield frost, etc.).

• Surrounding light sources, such as street lights, 
electric billboards and traffic lights are illuminating 
the road ahead.

• The brightness level of the road ahead constantly 
changes.

• The road is bumpy or has many curves.
• A vehicle suddenly appears in front of you, or a 

vehicle in front of you is not in the preceding or 
oncoming direction.

• Your vehicle is tilted with a heavy load in the rear.
• A traffic sign, mirror, or other reflective object 

ahead is reflecting strong light toward the vehicle.
• The oncoming vehicle frequently disappears under 

roadside trees or behind median barriers.
• The preceding or oncoming vehicle is a motorcycle, 

bicycle, mobility scooter, or other small vehicle.

The auto high-beam system keeps the headlight low 
beam when:
• Windshield wipers are operating at a high speed.
• The camera has detected dense fog.

208

Controls
■Automatic switching between high-beam and low-beam
When auto-high beam is active, the headlights switch between high beam and low 
beam based on the following conditions.

Switching to high beam: Switching to low beam:

All of the following conditions must One of the following conditions 
be met before the high beams turn must be met before the low beams 
on. turn on.
• Your vehicle speed is 25 mph (40 • Your vehicle speed is 15 mph (24 

km/h) or more. km/h) or less.
• There are no preceding or • There is a preceding or oncoming 

oncoming vehicle with headlights vehicle with headlights or 
or taillights turned on. taillights turned on.

• There are few street lights on the • There are many street lights on 
road ahead. the road ahead.

■Manual switching between high-beam and low-beam
If you want to manually switch the headlights between high beam and low beam, 
follow either of the procedures below. Note that when you do this, the auto high-
beam indicator will turn off and the auto high-beam will be deactivated.

Using the lever:
Pull the lever toward you for flashing the high beams then release it within about 
one second while driving.
u To reactivate the auto high-beam, pull the lever toward you for flashing the 

high beams then release it while driving. The auto high-beam indicator will 
come on.

Using the light switch:
Turn the light switch to .
u To reactivate the auto high-beam, turn the light switch to AUTO when the 

lever is in the low beam position, the auto high-beam indicator will come on.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  209 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluAuto High-Beam

1How to Use the Auto High-Beam
If the Some Driver Assist Systems Cannot 
Operate: Camera Temperature Too High message 
appears:
• Use the climate control system to cool down the 

interior and, if necessary, also use defroster mode 
with the airflow directed toward the camera.

• Start driving the vehicle to lower the windshield 
temperature, which cools down the area around 
the camera.

If the Some Driver Assist Systems Cannot 
Operate: Clean Front Windshield message 
appears:
• Park your vehicle in a safe place, and clean the 

windshield. If the message does not disappear after 
you have cleaned the windshield and driven for a 
while, have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

1How to Turn Off the Auto High-Beam
If you turn the auto high-beam system off, the system 
does not operate until you turn the system on.

Park in a safe place before turning the system off or 
on.

Controls
■How to Turn Off the Auto High-Beam
You can turn the auto high-beam system off. If you want to turn the system off or 
on, set the power mode to ON, then carry out the following procedures while the 
vehicle is stationary.

To turn the system off:
AUTO Position With the light switch is in AUTO, pull the lever 

toward you and hold it for at least 40 seconds.
After the auto high-beam indicator light blinks 
twice, release the lever.

To turn the system on:
With the light switch is in AUTO, pull the lever 
toward you and hold it for at least 30 seconds.
After the auto high-beam indicator light blinks 
once, release the lever.
209



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  210 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluWipers and Washers

1Wipers and Washers

NOTICE
Do not use the wipers when the windshield is dry.
The windshield will get scratched, or the rubber 
blades will get damaged.

NOTICE
In cold weather, the blades may freeze to the 
windshield.
Operating the wipers in this condition may damage 
the wipers. Use the defroster or heated windshield* 
to warm the windshield, then turn the wipers on.

Models with intermittent time adjustment ring
If the vehicle speeds up while the wipers are 
operating intermittently, the length of the wipe 
interval shortens.
When the vehicle speeds up, the wiper operation’s 
shortest delay setting ( ) and the LO setting become 
the same.

NOTICE
Turn the washers off if no washer fluid comes out.
The pump may get damaged.

210

Controls
Wipers and Washers
■Windshield Wiper/Washer

The windshield wipers and washers can be 
used when the power mode is in ON.

■MIST
The wipers run at high speed until you release 
the lever.

Pull to 
use ■Wiper switch (OFF, INT*1/AUTO*2, LO, 
washer. HI)

Intermittent Time 
Adjustment Ring* Move the lever up or down to change the 

wiper settings.
MIST ■Adjusting wiper operation*
OFF

Turn the adjustment ring to adjust wiper 
INT*1/AUTO*2

operation.
LO: Low speed wipe

Lower speed, fewer sweeps
HI: High speed wipe

Higher speed, more sweeps

■Washer
Sprays while you pull the lever toward you.
When you release the lever for more than one 
second, the spray stops, the wipers sweep two 
or three more times to clear the windshield, 
then stop.

*1: Models with manual intermittent operation
*2: Models with automatic intermittent operation

* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  211 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluWipers and Washers

1Wipers and Washers
If the wipers stop operating due to any obstacle such 
as the build-up of snow, park the vehicle in a safe 
place.
Rotate the wiper switch to OFF, and set the power 
mode to ACCESSORY or VEHICLE OFF, then remove 
the obstacle.

The wiper motor may stop motor operation 
temporarily to prevent an overload. Wiper operation 
will return to normal within a few minutes, once the 
circuit has returned to normal.

1Automatic Intermittent Wipers*

The rainfall sensor is in the location shown below.

Rainfall Sensor

NOTICE
AUTO should always be turned OFF before the 
following situation in order to prevent severe damage 
to the wiper system:
• Cleaning the windshield
• Driving through a car wash
• No rain present

Controls
■Automatic Intermittent Wipers*

When you push the lever down to AUTO, the 
windshield wipers sweep once, and go into 
the automatic mode.

The wipers operate intermittently, at low 
speed, or at high speed and stops in 
accordance with the amount of rainfall the 

Adjustment Ring rainfall sensor detects.

■AUTO sensitivity adjustment
When the wiper function is set to AUTO, you 
can adjust the sensitivity of the rainfall sensor 
(using the adjustment ring) so that wipers will 
operate in accordance with your preference.

Sensor sensitivity

Low Sensitivity

High Sensitivity
* Not available on all models Continued 211



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  212 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluWipers and Washers

212

Controls
■Rear Wiper/Washer
The rear wiper and washer can be used when 
the power mode is in ON.

■Wiper switch (OFF, INT, ON)
Change the wiper switch setting according to 
the amount of rain.

INT: Intermittent ■Washer ( )
ON: Continuous wipe

Sprays while you rotate the switch to this 
OFF

position.
Washer

Hold it to activate the wiper and to spray the 
washer. Once released, the washer spray will 
stop and the rear wiper will return to its 
selected switch setting after a few sweeps.

■Operating in reverse
When you put the transmission into (R with the windshield wiper activated, the rear 
wiper operates automatically as follows even if its switch is off.

Front Wiper Position Rear Wiper Operation
INT*1 (Intermittent)

AUTO*2 Intermittent
 (Intermittent)

LO (Low speed wipe)
Continuous

HI (High speed wipe)

*1: Models with manual intermittent operation
*2: Models with automatic intermittent operation



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  213 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluRear Defogger/Heated Door Mirror* Button

1Rear Defogger/Heated Door Mirror* Button
This system consumes a lot of power, so turn it off 
when the window has been defogged.
Also, do not use the system for a long time while the 
engine is idling. This may weaken the battery, making 
it difficult to start the engine.

Models with heated door mirror button
When the power mode is set to ON and the outside 
temperature is below 41°F (5°C), the heated door 
mirror may automatically activate for 10 minutes.

Controls
Rear Defogger/Heated Door Mirror* Button
Models with tri-zone climate control Press the rear defogger and heated door 
system mirror* button to defog the rear window and 

mirrors* when the power mode is in ON.

The rear defogger and heated door mirrors* 
automatically switch off after 10-30 minutes 
depending on the outside temperature.

However, if the outside temperature is 32°F 
(0°C) or below, they do not automatically 

Models with dual-zone climate control switch off.
system
* Not available on all models 213



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  214 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluHeated Windshield Button

1Heated Windshield Button
This system consumes a lot of power, so turn it off 
when the window has been deiced. Also, do not use 
the system for a long period when the engine is 
idling. This may weaken the battery, making it 
difficult to start the engine.

When the outside temperature is below 39°F (4°C), 
the heated windshield may automatically activate. 
The system deactivates itself once the outside 
temperature reaches 43°F (6°C).

214

Controls
Canadian models

Heated Windshield Button
Press the heated windshield button to deice 
the windshield when the power mode is in 
ON.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  215 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluBrightness Control

1Brightness Control
The brightness of the instrument panel will be 
reduced when the following conditions have been 
met:
• The power mode is in ON.
• The parking lights are turned on.
• The ambient lighting is low.

The brightness can be set differently for when the 
exterior lights are on, and when they are off.

Controls
Brightness Control
When the power mode is in ON, you can use 
the brightness control knob to adjust 
instrument panel brightness.
Brighten: Turn the knob to the right.
Dim: Turn the knob to the left.

You will hear a beeper when the brightness 
Control Knob reaches minimum or maximum. Several 

seconds after you have adjusted the 
brightness, you will be returned to the 
previous screen.

■Brightness level indicator
The brightness level is shown on the driver 
information interface while you are adjusting 
it.
215



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  216 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluDriving Position Memory System*

1Driving Position Memory System*

Using the audio/information screen, you can disable 
the automatic seat and door mirrors adjustment 
function.

2 Customized Features P. 465
The driver’s seat easy exit feature:
• Will move rearward to allow you to more easily exit 

the vehicle.
• Can be turned on or off.

2 Customized Features P. 465

System Operation
The system will not operate if:
• The vehicle speed is above 2 mph (3 km/h).
• Either memory button is pressed while the seat is in 

motion.
• The seat position is adjusted while in operation.
• The memory 1 or 2 position is set fully to the rear.

216

Controls
Driving Position Memory System*

You can store two driver’s seat positions (except for power lumbar) and outside 
mirror positions with the driving position memory system.
When you unlock and open the driver’s door with a remote, the seat and outside 
mirrors adjust automatically to one of the two preset positions.

When you enter the vehicle, the driver information interface briefly shows you which 
remote transmitter you used to unlock the vehicle.
• DRIVER 1 transmitter is linked to memory button 1.
• DRIVER 2 transmitter is linked to memory button 2.

DRIVER 1 DRIVER 2 The driver’s seat moves rearward depending 
on the set seating position once you
• Stop the vehicle.
• Put the transmission in (P .
• Set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF.
• Then open the driver’s door.
Once the power mode is in the ACCESSORY 
position, the driver’s seat moves to the 
DRIVER 1 or 2 preset position.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  217 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluDriving Position Memory System*

1Storing a Position in Memory
After you press the SET button, the storing operation 
will be canceled when:
• You do not press the memory button within five 

seconds.
• You readjust the seat and door mirrors position 

before the double-beep.
• You set the power mode to any position except 

ON.

1Recalling the Stored Position
The seat and the door mirrors will stop moving if you:
• Press the SET button or memory button (1 or (2.
• Adjust the seat position or door mirrors.
• Put the transmission into a position other than (P.

Controls
■Storing a Position in Memory
Memory 1. Set the power mode to ON. Adjust the 
Button 1 driver’s seat and the door mirrors to the 

desired position.
2. Press the SET button.

Memory u You will hear the beep, and the memory 
Button 2 button indicator light will blink.

3. Press and hold memory button (1  or (2  
SET Button within five seconds of pressing the SET 

button.
u Once the seat and the outside mirrors 

position has been memorized, the 
indicator light on the button you pressed 
stays on.

■Recalling the Stored Position
Memory 1. Put the transmission into (P .
Button 1 2. Apply the parking brake.

3. Press a memory button ( (1  or (2).
u You will hear the beeper, and the 

Memory indicator light will blink.
Button 2

The seat and the door mirrors will 
SET Button automatically move to the memorized 

position. When it has finished moving, you 
will hear the beep, and the indicator light 
stays on.
217



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  218 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOperating the Switches Around the Steering WheeluAdjusting the Steering Wheel

1Adjusting the Steering Wheel

3WARNING
Adjusting the steering wheel position while 
driving may cause you to lose control of the 
vehicle and be seriously injured in a crash.

Adjust the steering wheel only when the 
vehicle is stopped.

218

Controls
Adjusting the Steering Wheel
The steering wheel height and distance from your body can be adjusted so that you 
can comfortably grip the steering wheel in an appropriate driving posture.

1. Push the steering wheel adjustment lever 
To adjust

down.
u The steering wheel adjustment lever is 

under the steering column.
2. Move the steering wheel up or down, and 

in or out.
u Make sure you can see the instrument 

panel gauges and indicators.
Lever 3. Pull the steering wheel adjustment lever up 

To lock to lock the steering wheel in position.
u After adjusting the position, make sure 

you have securely locked the steering 
wheel in place by trying to move it up, 
down, in, and out.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  219 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Mirrors
1Mirrors
Keep the inside and outside mirrors clean and 
adjusted for best visibility.

Adjust the mirrors before you start driving.
2 Front Seats P. 222

1Automatic Dimming Rearview Mirror* and Power Door Mirrors*

The auto dimming function cancels when the 
transmission is in (R.

Controls
Interior Rearview Mirror
Adjust the angle of the rearview mirror when you are sitting in the correct driving 
position.

■Rearview Mirror with Day and Night Positions*

Flip the tab to switch the position.
The night position will help to reduce the glare 
from headlights behind you when driving 

Tab after dark.

Daytime 
Position

Night Position

■Automatic Dimming Rearview Mirror* and Power Door 
Mirrors*

When you are driving after dark, the 
Sensor automatic dimming rearview mirror and 

power door mirrors* reduces the glare from 
headlights behind you. Press the auto button 
to turn this function on and off. When 
activated, the auto indicator comes on.

Auto Button
* Not available on all models 219



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  220 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMirrorsuPower Door Mirrors

220

Controls
Power Door Mirrors
You can adjust the door mirrors when the 

Folding 
Button* power mode is in ON.

■Mirror position adjustment
L/R selector switch: Select the left or right 
mirror. After adjusting the mirror, return the 
switch to the center position.
Mirror position adjustment switch: Press 
the switch left, right, up, or down to move the 

Adjustment Selector mirror.
Switch Switch

■ Folding door mirrors*

Press the folding button to fold in and out the 
door mirrors.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  221 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMirrorsuPower Door MirrorsControls
■Reverse Tilt Door Mirror*

If activated, either side door mirror 
automatically tilts downward when you put 
the transmission into (R ; this improves close-
in visibility on the selected side of the vehicle 
when backing up. The mirror automatically 
returns to its original position when you take 
the transmission out of (R.

Selector Switch To activate this feature, set the power mode 
to ON and slide the selector switch to the left 
or right side.
* Not available on all models 221



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  222 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

222

Controls
Seats
1Seats

3WARNING
Sitting too close to a front airbag can result 
in serious injury or death if the front 
airbags inflate.

Always sit as far back from the front 
airbags as possible while maintaining 
control of the vehicle.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration 
and Transport Canada recommend that drivers allow 
at least 10 inches (25 cm) between the center of the 
steering wheel and the chest.

Always make seat adjustments before driving.
Front Seats
Allow sufficient Adjust the driver’s seat as far back as possible 
space. while allowing you to maintain full control of 

the vehicle. You should be able to sit upright, 
well back in the seat and be able to 
adequately press the pedals without leaning 
forward, and grip the steering wheel 
comfortably. The passenger’s seat should be 
adjusted in a similar manner, so that it is as far 

Move back. back from the front airbag in the dashboard 
as possible.

■Adjusting the Seat Positions

Horizontal 
Position 
Adjustment

Height 
Adjustment 
(Driver’s seat Seat-back 
only) Angle 

Adjustment



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  223 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuFront SeatsControls
Lumbar ■ Lumbar Support Adjustment Switch*

Support Press the top: To move the lumbar support 
Adjustment 
Switch up.

Press the bottom: To move the lumbar 
support down.
Press the front: To increase the entire 
lumbar support.
Press the rear: To decrease the entire lumbar 
support.
* Not available on all models Continued 223



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  224 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuFront Seats

1Adjusting the Seat-Backs

3WARNING
Reclining the seat-back too far can result in 
serious injury or death in a crash.

Adjust the seat-back to an upright position, 
and sit well back in the seat.

Do not put a cushion, or other object, between the 
seat-back and your back.

Doing so may interfere with proper seat belt or airbag 
operation.

If you cannot get far enough away from the steering 
wheel and still reach the controls, we recommend 
that you investigate whether some type of adaptive 
equipment may help.

224

Controls
■Adjusting the Seat-Backs
Adjust the driver’s seat-back to a comfortable, 
upright position, leaving ample space 
between your chest and the airbag cover in 
the center of the steering wheel.

The front seat passenger should also adjust 
their seat-back to a comfortable, upright 
position.

Reclining a seat-back so that the shoulder part of the belt no longer rests against the 
occupant’s chest reduces the protective capability of the belt. It also increases the 
chance of sliding under the belt in a crash and being seriously injured. The farther a 
seat-back is reclined, the greater the risk of injury.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  225 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuSecond Row Seats

1Second Row Seats

3WARNING
An unsecured seat or seat-back can move 
out of position or collapse without warning 
if there is sudden acceleration or stop or in 
a crash.

A seat or seat-back that suddenly moves or 
collapses can result in severe injury or 
death.

Always make sure all seats and seat-backs 
are securely locked into position before 
driving.

1Adjusting the Seat Positions
Once the desired seat position and seat-back angles 
are made, rock the seat-back and forth to make sure 
they are locked into position.

Controls
Second Row Seats
■Adjusting the Seat Positions

Second row center Second row outer 
seat* seat

Seat-back Angle Seat-back 
Adjustment Angle 
Pull up the strap to Adjustment
change the angle. Pull up the 

lever to change 
the angle.

Second row 
outer seat

Horizontal Position 
Adjustment
Pull up the bar to 
move the seat, then 
release the bar.
* Not available on all models Continued 225



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  226 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuSecond Row Seats

1Folding Down the Second Row Outer Seat
Make sure that the folded seat-back does not press 
against the front passenger’s seat, as this can cause 
the weight sensors in the front passenger’s seat to 
work improperly.

2 Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator P. 64

The front seat(s) must be far enough forward so they 
do not interfere with the second row seats as they 
fold down.

Make sure the seat-back and seat cushion are 
securely latched back into place before driving.

226

Controls
■ Folding Down the Second Row Outer Seat
1. Pull up the armrest(s).
2. Lower the head restraint to its lowest 

position.
3. Move the seat to its rearmost position.
4. Pull the seat-back angle adjustment lever, 

then fold the seat-back down.

To return the seat to the original position, pull 
Seat-back Angle up the seat-back angle adjustment lever and 
Adjustment Lever fold the seat-back in the upright position.

■Third Row Seat Access
Strap 1. Pulling forward on the walk-in lever or 

pulling the release strap tilts the second row 
outer seat’s seat-back forward.
u The whole seat slides forward.

2. When re-positioning the seat, push it firmly 
to the rear to ensure the horizontal 
adjusters and the seat-back lock completely 
into place.

Lever



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  227 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuSecond Row Seats

1Removing the Second Row Center Seat*

Do not remove the seat while driving.

The multi-functional center seat can be used as the 
beverage holder when folded down.

2 Beverage Holders P. 244

To reinstall the seat, hook the front of the seat to the 
floor first. After confirming both the front hooks are 
fully inserted into the front strikers, begin to lower 
the seat, then allow it to drop and lock to the rear 
floor strikers. Raise the seat-back to an upright 
position, then rock the seat-back and forth to 
confirm both the rear latches are securely locked into 
position.

Controls
■Removing the Second Row Center Seat*

Your vehicle’s multi-functional second row center seat is removable.
1. Store the center seat belt first. Insert a key 

into the slot on the side of the anchor 
buckle.

2. Retract the seat belt into the holder on the 
Handle ceiling.

2 Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor P. 45

Lock 3. Fold the seat-back down.
Release 4. Pull the lock release strap under the seat 
Strap cushion, and lift the rear of the seat.

u To lift the seat, grab the handle under 
the rear side of the seat cushion.

5. Pull the seat-back slightly, then pivot it 
upward.
u This unhooks the front of the seat from 

the floor.
* Not available on all models Continued 227



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  228 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuSecond Row Seats

1Removing a Second Row Outer Seat
Do not remove the seat while driving.

Reinstalling a Second Row Outer Seat

With the seat-back folded forward, insert the front 
seat hooks into the front floor strikers.

After confirming both front hooks are fully inserted 
into the front strikers, begin to lower the seat, then 
allow it to drop and lock to the rear floor strikers.

Then raise the seat-back to an upright position, then 
rock the seat-back and forth to confirm both the 
inner and outer latches are securely locked into 
position.

228

Controls
■Removing a Second Row Outer Seat
Your vehicle’s second row outer seats are removable.
Seat-back Angle 1. Lower the head restraint to its lowest 
Adjustment Lever position.

2. Move the seat to its rearmost position.
Handle 3. Pull the seat-back angle adjustment lever, 

then fold the seat-back down.
4. Pull the lock release lever, tilt the seat-back 

forward and lift the rear of the seat.
u To lift the seat, grab the handle under 

Lock Release Lever the rear side of the seat.
5. Pivot the rear of the seat upward to unhook 

the front of the seat from the floor.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  229 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuSecond Row Seats

1Magic Slide® 2nd-Row Seats*

When the second row outer seats are in slide (center) 
position, passengers have easier access to the third 
row seats.

Controls
■Magic Slide® 2nd-Row Seats*

Your vehicle’s second row outer seats are slidable.
1. Remove the second row center seat.

2 Removing the Second Row Center 
Seat* P. 227

2. Pull up the handle at the side of the second 
row outer seat, then slide the seat.
* Not available on all models 229



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  230 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuThird Row Seats

1Adjusting the Seat Positions
Once a seat is adjusted correctly, rock it back and 
forth to make sure it is locked in position.

230

Controls
Third Row Seats
■Adjusting the Seat Positions

Seat-back Angle 
Adjustment
Pull up the strap to 
change the angle.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  231 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuThird Row Seats

1One-Motion 60/40 Split 3rd-Row Magic Seat®
Remove any items from the cargo area before you 
tuck away the third row seat.

The instruction label is attached at the back of the 
third row seat-back.

When you tuck away one side of the third row seats 
and use the non-recessed part of the cargo area, 
make sure to secure the cargo. Loose items can fly 
forward and cause injury if you have to brake hard.

Controls
■One-Motion 60/40 Split 3rd-Row Magic Seat®
Straps 1. Store the center seat belt first. Insert a key 

into the slot on the side of the anchor 
buckle.

2. Retract the seat belt into the holder on the 
ceiling.

2 Seat Belt with Detachable Anchor P. 45
3. Lower the head restraints to their lowest 

position.
4. The right and left halves can be tucked 

away separately. Pull either strap to release 
the front leg lock of the third row seat.

5. Continue pulling the strap to tuck the seat 
and strap away into the cargo area.
Continued 231



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  232 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuThird Row Seats

1When returning the seat to the upright position:
Make sure the seat is securely latched before driving 
by rocking the seat-back and forth.

232

Controls
■When returning the seat to the upright position:
1. Grab the handle from outside.

Pull up the folded seat, begin to pivot it 
forward, then allow it to drop into position.

Handles

2. The front leg latches when it contacts the 
Straps

floor striker.

Pull the strap to put the seat-back(s) 
upright. Rock the seat-back and forth to 
confirm the seat is securely locked in 
position. There should be no movement.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  233 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuThird Row Seats

1Rear Seat Reminder
When the power mode is set to VEHICLE OFF, the 
reminder comes on briefly, then the function is 
deactivated.

The reminder will not work if the power mode has 
not been set to ON within 10 minutes of operating 
the rear doors.

The system does not detect passengers in the rear 
seat(s). Instead, it can detect when a rear door is 
opened and closed, indicating that there may be 
something in the rear seat(s).

You can turn off the notification setting.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

Controls
■Rear Seat Reminder
This feature alerts you to the possible presence of passengers or items in the second 
row or third row seats. It activates when the vehicle is set to VEHICLE OFF if the rear 
doors were opened shortly before or after the vehicle was set to ON.

A reminder appears on the driver information 
interface and an alert will sound when the 
power mode is set to VEHICLE OFF.

Models with CabinWatch® A reminder appears on the audio/information 
screen when the power mode is set to 
VEHICLE OFF.
To dismiss the notification, select Dismiss.
233



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  234 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuMaintain a Proper Sitting Position

1Maintain a Proper Sitting Position

3WARNING
Sitting improperly or out of position can 
result in serious injury or death in a crash.

Always sit upright, well back in the seat, 
with your feet on the floor.

234

Controls
Maintain a Proper Sitting Position
After all occupants have adjusted their seats and head restraints, and put on their 
seat belts, it is very important that they continue to sit upright, well back in their 
seats, with their feet on the floor, until the vehicle is safely parked and the engine is 
off.

Sitting improperly can increase the chance of injury during a crash. For example, if 
an occupant slouches, lies down, turns sideways, sits forward, leans forward or 
sideways, or puts one or both feet up, the chance of injury during a crash is greatly 
increased.

In addition, an occupant who is out of position in the front seat can be seriously or 
fatally injured in a crash by striking interior parts of the vehicle or being struck by an 
inflating front airbag.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  235 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuHead Restraints

1Head Restraints

3WARNING
Improperly positioning head restraints 
reduces their effectiveness and increases 
the likelihood of serious injury in a crash.

Make sure head restraints are in place and 
positioned properly before driving.

In order for the head restraint system to work 
properly:
• Do not hang any items on the head restraints, or 

from the restraint legs.
• Do not place any objects between an occupant and 

the seat-back.
• Install each restraint in its proper location.

Controls
Head Restraints
Your vehicle is equipped with head restraints in all seating positions.

■Adjusting the Front and Second Row Outer and Third Row 
Outer Head Restraints Positions

Head restraints are most effective for 
protection against whiplash and other rear-
impact crash injuries when the center of the 
back of the occupant’s head rests against the 
center of the restraint. The tops of the 
occupant’s ears should be level with the 
center height of the restraint.

Position head in the center 
of the head restraint.
Continued 235



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  236 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuHead Restraints

236

Controls
Front and second row outer
To raise the head restraint: Pull it upward.
To lower the head restraint: Push it down 
while pressing the release button.

Third row outer



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  237 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuHead Restraints

1Removing and Reinstalling the Head Restraints

3WARNING
Failure to reinstall, or correctly reinstall, the 
head restraints can result in severe injury 
during a crash.

Always replace the head restraints before 
driving.

To remove the third row seat outer head restraints, 
fold down the seat-back first.

2 Third Row Seats P. 230

Controls
■Changing the Second Row*/Third Row Center Seat Head 
Restraint Positions

A passenger sitting in the second row/third 
row center seating position should adjust the 
height of their head restraint to an 
appropriate position before the vehicle begins 
moving.
To raise the head restraint:
Pull it upward.
To lower the head restraint:
Push it down while pressing the release 
button.

■Removing and Reinstalling the Head Restraints
Head restraints can be removed for cleaning or repair.

To remove a head restraint:
Pull the restraint up as far as it will go. Then push the release button, and pull the 
restraint up and out.

To reinstall a head restraint:
Insert the legs back in place, then adjust the head restraint to an appropriate height 
while pressing the release button. Pull up on the restraint to make sure it is locked 
in position.
* Not available on all models 237



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  238 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSeatsuArmrest

238

Controls
Armrest
■Using the Front and Second Row Outer* Seat Armrest

Pull down the armrest.

Front seat with adjustable armrest
Pull the armrest all the way down, then pull it 
up to the desired angle.

■Using the Second Row Seat Armrest*

Pull up the strap and fold down the center 
backrest to use as an armrest.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  239 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Interior Convenience Items
1Interior Light Switches
In the door activated position, the interior lights fade 
out and go off about 30 seconds after the doors are 
closed.
The lights go off after 30 seconds in the following 
situations:
• When you unlock the driver’s door but do not open 

it.
• When you set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF but 

do not open a door.
You can change the interior light dimming time.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

The interior lights go off immediately in the following 
situations:
• When you lock the driver’s door.
• When you set the power mode to ON.
• When you close the driver’s door in ACCESSORY 

mode.

If you leave any of the doors open in VEHICLE OFF 
mode, the interior lights go off after about 15 
minutes.

If you leave the tailgate open in VEHICLE OFF mode, 
the cargo area light goes off after about 30 minutes.

To avoid draining the battery, do not leave the 
interior light on for an extended length of time when 
the engine is off.

Controls
Interior Lights
■ Interior Light Switches
Front ■ON

The interior lights come on regardless of 
whether the doors or the tailgate are open or 

Off
closed.

■Door activated
The interior lights come on in the following 

On situations:
Door Front:
Activated • When any of the doors or the tailgate are 
Position

opened.
• You unlock the driver’s door.
• When the power mode is set to VEHICLE 

OFF.

Cargo Area Cargo area:
When the tailgate is open.

■OFF
The interior lights remain off regardless of 

On whether the doors or the tailgate are open or 
closed.

Off

Door Activated Position
Continued 239



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  240 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience Itemsu Interior Lights

1Interior Light Switches
To avoid draining the battery, do not leave the 
interior light on for an extended length of time when 
the engine is off.

1Map Lights
When the front interior light switch is in the door 
activated position and any door is open, the map 
light will not go off when you press the lens.

240

Controls
■Map Lights
■ Front
The map lights can be turned on and off by 
pressing the lenses.

■ Second and third row
The map lights can be turned on and off by 
pressing the lenses when the front interior 
light switch is in the door activated position.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  241 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

1Glove Box

3WARNING
An open glove box can cause serious injury 
to your passenger in a crash, even if the 
passenger is wearing the seat belt.

Always keep the glove box closed while 
driving.

Controls
Storage Items
■Glove Box

Pull the handle to open the glove box. You 
can lock the glove box with the built-in key.
Continued 241



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  242 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

242

Controls
■Console Box*

To open the console box, pull the handle and 
slide the box forward.

Handle

Divider You can create more storage space by 
removing the divider.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  243 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage ItemsControls
■Console Compartment with Lid*

Knob To open the console compartment, press the 
knob to unlock the lid, and then slide it 
rearward.

■Center Pocket*

Pull the handle to open the center pocket.

Handle
* Not available on all models Continued 243



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  244 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

1Beverage Holders

NOTICE
Spilled liquids can damage the upholstery, carpeting, 
and electrical components in the interior.

Be careful when you are using the beverage holders. 
Hot liquid can scald you.

244

Controls
■Beverage Holders
■Center console beverage holders

■ Front door beverage holders

■ Second row seat beverage holders*

To use the beverage holder, fold the backrest.
2 Using the Second Row Seat Armrest* 

P. 238
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  245 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage ItemsControls
■Rear door beverage holders

■ Third row seat beverage holders
Continued 245



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  246 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

1Coat Hooks
The coat hooks are not designed for large or heavy 
items.

246

Controls
■Coat Hooks
Second row There are coat hooks under the grab handles 

in the second row, and under the window 
frames in the third row. Pull it down to use it.

Third row



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  247 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage ItemsControls
■Cargo Hooks
Use the cargo hooks to secure luggage in the 
cargo area.
Continued 247



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  248 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

1Grocery Bag Hooks
The hooks are designed to hold light items. Heavy 
objects may damage the hook.

248

Controls
■Grocery Bag Hooks
■ Front

Hook

■Rear

Hooks



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  249 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuStorage Items

1Sunglasses Holder
Keep the holder closed while driving except when 
accessing stored items.

Controls
■Sunglasses Holder
To open the sunglasses holder, push and 
release the indent. To close, push it again until 
it latches.

Push You can store eyeglasses and other small 
items in this holder.

■Conversation mirror
The sunglasses holder comes with a mirror. 
Open the sunglasses holder fully, then push it 
back to the first detent. You can use the 
mirror to view the rear seats.
249



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  250 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Accessory Power Sockets

NOTICE
Do not insert an automotive type cigarette lighter 
element. This can overheat the accessory power 
socket.

The accessory power socket is designed to supply 
power for 12 volt DC accessories that are rated 180 
watts (15 amps) or less.

To prevent battery drain, use the accessory power 
socket only when the engine is running.

When both sockets are being used, the combined 
power rating of the accessories should not exceed 
180 watts (15 amps).

When the accessory power socket is not in use, close 
the cover to prevent any small foreign objects from 
getting into the accessory power socket.

250

Controls
Other Interior Convenience Items
■Accessory Power Sockets
The accessory power sockets can be used when the power mode is in ACCESSORY 
or ON.
Models without center pocket ■Accessory power socket (console panel)

Open the cover to use it.

Models with center pocket



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  251 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience ItemsControls
■Accessory power socket (third row 
seat)*

Open the cover to use it.

■Accessory power socket (cargo area)
Open the cover to use it.
* Not available on all models Continued 251



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  252 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1AC Power Outlet*

NOTICE
Do not use the AC power outlet for electric 
appliances that require high initial peak wattage, 
such as cathode-ray tube type televisions, 
refrigerators, electric pumps, etc. It is not suitable for 
devices that process precise data, such as medical 
equipment, and that require an extremely stable 
power supply, such as microcomputer-controlled 
electric blankets, touch sensor lamps, etc.

The AC power outlet is designed to supply power for 
up to 115 volt appliances that are rated 150 watts or 
less.

Continued use of any electric appliance/device 
exceeding these ratings may result in damage to the 
appliance/device.

When the AC power outlet is not in use, close the 
cover to prevent any small foreign objects from 
getting into the AC power outlet.

252

Controls
■AC Power Outlet*

The AC power outlet can be used when the engine is running.
Open the cover to use it. Plug in the appliance 
slightly, turn it 90° clockwise, then push it all 
the way.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  253 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Wireless Charger*

FCC statement
This product complies with the appropriate 
requirements or the required standards of FCC 
(Federal Communication Commission), described 
below:
This device complies with Part 18 of the FCC rules. 
This equipment generates, uses, and can radiate 
radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used 
per the instructions, may cause harmful interference 
to radio communications.
In order to use safely:
• Remove any metal objects from the charge pad 

before charging a device.
• Do not open the charger case.
• Do not use the charger if it malfunctions. Contact 

your dealer.
If the charger interferes with radio communications, 
attempt to correct the interference:
• Press and hold the switch on the charger for a few 

seconds to turn off the charger.

Controls
■Wireless Charger*

To use the wireless charger, the power mode must be in ACCESSORY or ON.
Charge a compatible device on the area indicated by the  mark as follows:

Charging Area 1. Place the device you want to charge on the 
charging area.
u The system will automatically start 

charging the device, and the green 
indicator light will come on.

u Make sure that the device is compatible 
with the system and placed with the 
chargeable side in the center of the 
charging area.

Green Indicator 2. When charging is completed, the green 
indicator light will go off.
u If the device is not located on the charge 

area correctly, the green indicator light 
will blink.
* Not available on all models Continued 253



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  254 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Wireless Charger*

3CAUTION
Metal objects between the charge pad and 
the device to be charged will get hot and 
can burn you.
• Always remove foreign objects from the 

charge pad before charging the device.
• Be sure the surface is clear of dust and 

other debris before charging.
• Do not spill liquids (i. e. water, drinks, 

etc.) on the charger and the device.
• Do not use oil, grease, alcohol, benzine or 

thinner for cleaning the charge pad.
• Do not cover the system with towels, 

clothing, or other objects while charging 
etc.

• Avoid spraying aerosols which may come 
in contact with the charge pad surface.

Using the audio/information screen, you can disable 
the wireless charger function.

2 Customized Features P. 465

This system consumes a lot of power. Do not use the system 
for a long time when the engine is not running. This may 
weaken the battery, making it difficult to start the engine.

When using the wireless charger, check the user’s manual 
that came with the compatible device you want to charge.

254

Controls
■When charging does not start
Perform one of the solutions in the following table.

Indicator Cause Solution

There is an obstacle(s) between 
Remove the 

the charging area and the 
obstacle(s).

device.
Slow Blink Move the device to the 

The device is not within the center of the charging 
charging area. area where  is 

located.

Turn the vehicle off 
and back on. If the 

Fast Blink The wireless charger is faulty.
indicator still blinks, 
contact a dealer.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  255 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Wireless Charger*

NOTICE
Do not place any magnetic recording media or 
precision machines within the charging area while 
charging.
The data on your cards such as credit cards can be 
lost because of the magnetic effect. Also precision 
machines such as watches may malfunction.

“Qi” and  marks are the registered trademarks 
owned by Wireless Power Consortium (WPC).
  mark is the registered trademark owned by 
Power Matters Alliance (PMA).

In the following cases, charging may stop or not start:
• The device is already fully charged.
• The temperature of the device is extremely high 

while charging.
• You are at a place that emits strong 

electromagnetic waves or noises, such as a TV 
station, electric power plant, or gas station.

A device may not charge if the size or shape of its chargeable 
side is not appropriate for use with the charging area.

Not all devices are compatible with the system.

During the charging phase, it is normal for the 
charging area and device to heat up.

Charging may be briefly interrupted when:
• All the doors and the tailgate are closed
- to avoid interference with the proper functioning 
of the smart entry system.

• The position of the device is altered.

Do not charge more than one device at a time on a 
charging area.

Controls
* Not available on all models Continued 255



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  256 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Heated Steering Wheel*

Do not use the heated steering wheel continuously 
when the engine is off. Under such conditions, the 
battery may be weakened, making the engine 
difficult to start.

256

Controls
■Heated Steering Wheel*

The power mode must be in ON to use the 
heated steering wheel.

Press the button on the right side of the 
steering wheel.

When a comfortable temperature is reached, 
press the button again to turn it off.

The heated steering wheel is turned off every 
time you start the engine, even if you turned it 
on the last time you drove the vehicle.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  257 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Front Seat Heaters*

3WARNING
Heat induced burns are possible when 
using seat heaters.

Persons with a diminished ability to sense 
temperature (e.g., persons with diabetes, 
lower-limb nerve damage, or paralysis) or 
with sensitive skin should not use seat 
heaters.

Do not use the seat heaters even in LO when the 
engine is off. Under such conditions, the battery may 
be weakened, making the engine difficult to start.

After a certain period of time, the strength setting for 
the seat heaters will automatically be reduced by one 
level at a time until the seat heater shuts off. The 
elapsed time varies according to the interior 
environment.

Controls
■ Front Seat Heaters*

The power mode must be in ON to use the 
seat heaters.

Press the seat heater button:
Once - The HI setting (three indicators on)
Twice - The MID setting (two indicators on)
Three times - The LO setting (one indicator on)
Four times - The OFF setting (no indicators on)
When the power mode is turned on after it is 
turned off, the previously selected setting of 
seat heaters is maintained.
* Not available on all models Continued 257



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  258 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Front Seat Heaters and Seat Ventilation*

3WARNING
Heat induced burns are possible when 
using seat heaters.

Persons with a diminished ability to sense 
temperature (e.g., persons with diabetes, 
lower-limb nerve damage, or paralysis) or 
with sensitive skin should not use seat 
heaters.

Do not use the seat heaters and the seat ventilation 
even in LO when the engine is OFF. Under such 
conditions, the battery may be weakened, making 
the engine difficult to start.

After a certain period of time, the strength setting for 
the seat heaters will automatically be reduced by one 
level at a time until the seat heater shuts off. The 
elapsed time varies according to the interior 
environment.

258

Controls
■ Front Seat Heaters and Seat Ventilation*

The power mode must be in ON to use the 
seat heaters and ventilation.

Press the seat heater or the seat ventilation 
button:
Once - The HI setting (three indicators on)
Twice - The MID setting (two indicators on)
Three times - The LO setting (one indicator on)
Four times - The OFF setting (no indicators on)
When the power mode is turned on after it is 
turned off, the previously selected setting of 
seat heaters and ventilations is maintained.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  259 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1Integrated Sunshades*

Use the sunshades only when the windows are fully 
closed. If a window is open while a shade is being 
used, the shade can blow off and unhook, hitting 
and hurting anyone sitting near the window.

Controls
■ Integrated Sunshades*

Second row ■ Second row sunshades
Hooks Pull the tab and roll up the sunshade all the 

way. Use the hooks to hang it.

Tab

Third row ■ Third row sunshades
Anchor Pull the tab and roll up the sunshade all the 

way. Attach the tab to the anchor.

Tab
* Not available on all models Continued 259



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  260 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1HondaVACTM*

3WARNING
• Engine exhaust contains toxic carbon 

monoxide that builds up rapidly in 
enclosed areas.
Breathing it can cause unconsciousness 
and even kill you.
If running the engine to power the 
vacuum, park the vehicle outdoors and 
lower all windows to ensure adequate 
ventilation.

• Do not vacuum flammable liquids or in an 
area with flammable vapors.
A fire or explosion could result, causing 
death or serious injury.

NOTICE
The vacuum is intended for dry use only.
Water and other liquids can damage the vacuum.

260

Controls
■HondaVACTM*

An in-car vacuum system used for cleaning the inside of your vehicle. The vacuum 
can be operated with the engine running or for up to eight minutes without the 
engine running.

Install a desired attachment.

 (Power) 
Button
PWR SAVE 
Indicator

Open the 
upper lid and 
pull out the 
hose.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  261 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1To operate:
The vacuum automatically shuts off and the PWR 
SAVE indicator comes on if the system detects that 
running the vacuum is over discharging the battery.

Without engine running
After seven minutes of operation:
The beeper sounds intermittently.
When eight minutes elapse:
The beeper sounds once and the PWR SAVE 
indicator comes on. The vacuum automatically shuts 
off.

To continue vacuuming, start the engine.

With engine running
Operate the engine only when there is sufficient 
ventilation.

Controls
■ To operate:
1. Set the parking brake.
Without engine running

2. Set the power mode to ACCESSORY.
With engine running

2. Start the engine.
3. Press the  button to turn on the system.
Continued 261



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  262 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Interior Convenience ItemsuOther Interior Convenience Items

1To empty the canister or change the debris bag
Both the debris bag and the filter are replaceable. 
Contact a dealer for component replacement 
information.

The vacuum can be used with or without the bag.

If you find the vacuum performance poor or there is 
no suction:
• Check if the canister is locked in position.
• Check if the hose is attached to the vacuum.
• Empty the canister or change the bag.
• Clean or replace the filter.
• Check the hose for clogs or damage.

262

Controls
■ To empty the canister or change the debris bag

Lower Vacuum Lid

Canister Lever

1. Remove the lower vacuum lid.
2. Push the lever in.
3. Pull the canister down, then slide out from the track.
Canister Lid 4. Push the three lid tabs outward and remove 

the canister lid.
u The debris bag and canister can be 

accessed.

Three Lid Tabs

To reinstall the empty canister:
After sliding the canister into the track, push the lever in to lift the canister up. 
Release the lever to lock the canister in position.
u The orange unlocked decal should not be visible.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  263 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Climate Control System
1Using Automatic Climate Control
During idle-stops, air-conditioning is suspended, and 
only the blower remains active. If you do not want 
air-conditioning suspended, press Auto Idle Stop OFF 
button to cancel idle-stop.

If any buttons are pressed while using the climate 
control system in auto, the function of the button 
that was pressed will take priority.
The AUTO indicator will go off, but functions 
unrelated to the button that was pressed will be 
controlled automatically.

To prevent cold air from blowing in from outside, the 
fan may not start immediately when the AUTO 
button is pressed.

If the interior is very warm, you can cool it down 
more rapidly by partially opening the windows, 
turning the system on auto, and setting the 
temperature to low. Change the fresh air mode to 
recirculation mode until the temperature cools down.

When you set the temperature to the lower or upper 
limit, Lo or Hi is displayed.

Pressing the  button switches the climate 
control system between on and off. When turned on, 
the system returns to your last selection.

While ECON mode is active, the climate control 
system may have reduced cooling performance.

Controls
Dual-zone climate control system

Using Automatic Climate Control
The automatic climate control system maintains the interior temperature you select. 
The system also selects the proper mix of heated or cooled air that raises or lowers 
the interior temperature to your preference as quickly as possible.

Floor and Floor vents Dashboard Dashboard 
defroster and floor vents
vents vents

A/C (Air Conditioning) Button MODE Button
SYNC  
(Synchronized) (Recirculation) 
Button Button

 (On/Off) Fan Control 
Button Switch
Temperature 
Control Switch
AUTO Button  (Windshield Defroster) Button

Use the system when the engine is running.
1. Press the AUTO button.
2. Adjust the interior temperature using the temperature control switch.
3. Press the  button to cancel.
■ Switching between the recirculation and fresh air modes
Press the  button and switch the mode depending on environmental 
conditions.
Recirculation Mode (indicator on): Recirculates air from the vehicle’s interior through 
the system.
Fresh Air Mode (indicator off): Maintains outside ventilation. Keep the system in 
fresh air mode in normal situations.
Continued 263



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  264 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuUsing Automatic Climate Control

1Defrosting the Windshield and Windows
For your safety, make sure you have a clear view 
through all the windows before driving.

Do not set the temperature near the upper or lower 
limit.
When cold air hits the windshield, the outside of the 
windshield may fog up.

If you press the  button during Auto Idle Stop, the 
engine restarts automatically.

1To rapidly defrost the windows
After defrosting the windows, switch over to fresh air 
mode.
If you keep the system in recirculation mode, the 
windows may fog up from humidity. This impedes 
visibility.

264

Controls
■Defrosting the Windshield and Windows
Pressing the  button turns the air 
conditioner system on and automatically 
switches the system to fresh air mode.

■ To rapidly defrost the windows
1. Press the  button.
2. Press the  button.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  265 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuUsing Automatic Climate Control

1Synchronization Mode
When the system is not in synchronization mode, the 
temperature for the front compartment and rear 
passenger compartment can be set separately.

Controls
■Synchronization Mode

You can set the temperature synchronously for the front compartment and the rear 
passenger compartment in synchronization mode.
1. Press the SYNC button.
u The system switches to synchronization mode.

2. Adjust the temperature using the temperature control switch.

Press the SYNC button to return to dual mode.
265



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  266 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuRear Climate Control System

266

Controls
Dual-zone climate control system

Rear Climate Control System
■Using the Rear Climate Control System

REAR SETTINGS 
Button

REAR  (On/Off) 
Button

Use the system when the engine is running.
1. Press the REAR  button.
2. Press the REAR SETTINGS button.
u The system switches to the rear control mode for 10 seconds. The REAR 

indicator appears on the display.
3. Press the AUTO button.
u The rear system changes to AUTO mode.
u The system automatically adjusts the fan speed and airflow levels to maintain 

the set rear temperature. Change the temperature if necessary.
u To turn off the rear climate control system, press the REAR  button.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  267 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuAutomatic Climate Control SensorsControls
Dual-zone climate control system

Automatic Climate Control Sensors
The automatic climate control system is 

Sensor equipped with sensors. Do not cover or spill 
any liquid on them.

Sensor
267



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  268 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

268

Controls
Climate Control System
1Using Automatic Climate Control
Press the FRONT CLIMATE button to display A/C, 
MODE, and fan control information on the audio/
information screen for several seconds. Select icon to 
turn on or off A/C, change the vent mode, or change 
the fan speed.

During idle-stops, air-conditioning is suspended, and 
only the blower remains active. If you do not want 
air-conditioning suspended, press Auto Idle Stop OFF 
button to cancel idle-stop.

If any buttons are pressed while using the climate 
control system in auto, the function of the button 
that was pressed will take priority.
The AUTO indicator will go off, but functions 
unrelated to the button that were pressed will be 
controlled automatically.

To prevent cold air from blowing in from outside, the 
fan may not start immediately when the AUTO 
button is pressed.

If the interior is very warm, you can cool it down 
more rapidly by partially opening the windows, 
turning the system on AUTO, and setting the 
temperature to low. Change the fresh mode to 
recirculation mode until the temperature cools down.

When you set the temperature to the lower or upper 
limit, Lo or Hi is displayed.
Tri-zone climate control system

Using Automatic Climate Control
The automatic climate control system maintains the interior temperature you select. 
The system also selects the proper mix of heated or cooled air that raises or lowers 
the interior temperature to your preference as quickly as possible.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  269 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuUsing Automatic Climate Control

1Using Automatic Climate Control
Pressing the  button switches the climate control 
system between on and off. When turned on, the 
system returns to your last selection.

While ECON mode is active, the climate control 
system may have reduced cooling performance.

Controls
Mode Control Icon 
Mode Control Icon (Air flows from 
(Air flows from floor vents)
dashboard vents) Mode Control Icon 

(Air flows from 
Fan Control Icon floor and 

windshield 
defroster vents)

A/C (Air Conditioning) Mode Control Icon (Air flows from 
Icon floor and dashboard vents)

AUTO Button SYNC (Synchronized) Button
 (On/Off) Button Fan Control Button

 (Recirculation) Button
FRONT 
CLIMATE 
Button

Driver’s Side Passenger’s 
Temperature Side 
Control switch Temperature 

Control 
switch

 (Windshield Defroster) 
Button

Use the system when the engine is running.
1. Press the AUTO button.
2. Adjust the interior temperature using the driver’s side or passenger’s side control 

switch.
3. Press the  button to cancel.
Continued 269



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  270 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuUsing Automatic Climate Control

1Defrosting the Windshield and Windows
For your safety, make sure you have a clear view 
through all the windows before driving.

Do not set the temperature near the upper or lower 
limit.
When cold air hits the windshield, the outside of the 
windshield may fog up.

If you press the  button during Auto Idle Stop, the 
engine restarts automatically.

1To rapidly defrost the windows
After defrosting the windows, switch over to fresh air 
mode.
If you keep the system in recirculation mode, the 
windows may fog up from humidity. This impedes 
visibility.

270

Controls
■ Switching between the recirculation and fresh air modes
Press the  button and switch the mode depending on environmental 
conditions.
Recirculation Mode (indicator on): Recirculates air from the vehicle’s interior through 
the system.
Fresh Air Mode (indicator off): Maintains outside ventilation. Keep the system in 
fresh air mode in normal situations.

■Defrosting the Windshield and Windows
Pressing the  button turns the air 
conditioner system on and automatically 
switches the system to fresh air mode.

■ To rapidly defrost the windows
1. Press the  button.
2. Press the  button.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  271 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuUsing Automatic Climate Control

1Synchronization Mode
When the system is not in synchronization mode, the 
temperature for the driver’s side, passenger’s side, 
and rear passenger compartment can be set 
separately.

Controls
■Synchronization Mode

You can set the temperature synchronously for the driver’s side, the passenger’s side 
and the rear passenger compartment in synchronization mode.
1. Press the SYNC button.
u The system switches to synchronization mode.

2. Adjust the temperature using the driver’s side temperature control switch.

Press the SYNC button to return to tri-zone mode.
271



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  272 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuRear Climate Control System

1Rear Climate Control System
LOCK appears on the rear control panel while the 
rear lock is on.

If the rear lock is on while in SYNC mode, the rear 
control panel is disabled. LOCK SYNC appears on the 
rear control panel.

1Using the Rear Climate Control System From the Front Panel

LOCK Icon

Select the LOCK icon to turn the rear lock mode on 
and off.

While the rear lock mode is on, the rear control panel 
is disabled.
uThe color of LOCK icon on the audio/information 

screen changes from gray to blue.

272

Controls
Tri-zone climate control system

Rear Climate Control System
■Using the Rear Climate Control System From the Front Panel

Rear AUTO Icon

Rear 
Temperature 
Control Icon

Rear Fan Control 
Icon

ON/OFF Icon
Mode Control Icon Mode Control Icon 
(Rear ceiling vents) Mode Control Icon (Rear floor vents)

(Rear ceiling vents and 
floor vents) REAR CLIMATE 

Button

Use the system when the engine is running.
1. Press the REAR CLIMATE button.
2. Press the REAR CLIMATE button to display AUTO, MODE, temperature control, 

and fan control information on the audio/information screen for several seconds.
3. Select the AUTO icon.
u The rear system changes to AUTO mode.
u The system automatically adjusts the fan speed and airflow levels to maintain 

the set rear temperature. Change the temperature if necessary.
u To turn off the rear climate control system, select the ON/OFF icon.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  273 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuRear Climate Control System

1Using the Rear Climate Control System From the Rear Panel
When the rear lock mode is off, the temperature of 
the rear passenger compartment can be controlled 
independently.

Controls
■Using the Rear Climate Control System From the Rear Panel

Rear floor Rear ceiling vents Rear ceiling 
vents and floor vents vents

Rear Temperature  (Rear Fan 
Control Bar Control) Bar

 (On/Off) Button

Rear MODE Button
Rear AUTO Button

Use the system when the engine is running.
1. Press the AUTO button.
2. Adjust the interior temperature using the rear temperature control bar.
3. To turn off the rear climate control system, press  button.
273



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  274 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuClimate Control SystemuAutomatic Climate Control Sensors

274

Controls
Tri-zone climate control system

Automatic Climate Control Sensors
The automatic climate control system is 

Sensor equipped with sensors. Do not cover or spill 
any liquid on them.

Sensor



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  275 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

* Not available on all m
Features
This chapter describes how to operate technology features.
Audio System
About Your Audio System................ 276
USB Ports ......................................... 277
Auxiliary Input Jack .......................... 279
Audio System Theft Protection ......... 280
Audio Remote Controls.................... 281

Models with color audio system
Audio System Basic Operation ........ 284

Audio/Information Screen ................ 285
Adjusting the Sound ........................ 289
Display Setup ................................... 290
Playing AM/FM Radio ....................... 291
Playing an iPod ................................ 293
Playing a USB Flash Drive ................. 296
Playing Bluetooth® Audio................. 299
odels
Models with Display Audio
Audio System Basic Operation ........ 302

Audio/Information Screen ................ 303
System Updates ............................... 317
File Manager.................................... 323
Adjusting the Sound ........................ 329
Display Setup ................................... 330
Voice Control Operation .................. 332
Playing AM/FM Radio....................... 335
Playing SiriusXM® Radio* ................. 339
Playing a CD* .................................. 349
Playing an iPod ................................ 352
Playing a USB Flash Drive ................. 355
Playing My Honda Music.................. 358
Playing Bluetooth® Audio................. 362
Playing Social Playlist........................ 364
HondaLink® ..................................... 366
Wi-Fi Connection............................. 371
AT&T Hotspot* ................................ 373
Siri Eyes Free.................................... 374
Apple CarPlay .................................. 375
Android Auto .................................. 378

Audio Error Messages ...................... 382
General Information on the Audio System.. 387
Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*... 411
Customized Features ................ 459, 465
HomeLink® Universal Transceiver*.. 484
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®..... 487, 512
CabinWatch®* ................................... 537
CabinTalk®* ....................................... 538
275



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  276 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

276

Features
Audio System
1About Your Audio System
iPod, iPad, iPhone and iTunes are trademarks of 
Apple Inc.

State or local laws may prohibit the operation of 
handheld electronic devices while operating a 
vehicle.

Models with Blu-rayTM or CD player
Video CDs, DVDs*1, Blu-ray Discs*1, and 3-inch (8-cm) 
mini CDs are not supported.
*1: Models with CD player

SiriusXM® Radio* is available on a subscription basis 
only. For more information on SiriusXM® Radio*, 
contact a dealer.

2 General Information on the Audio System 
P. 387

SiriusXM® Radio* is available in the United States and 
Canada, except Hawaii, Alaska, and Puerto Rico.

SiriusXM®* is a registered trademark of SiriusXM 
Radio*, Inc.

Models with Display Audio
After you set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF, you 
can use the audio system for up to 30 minutes per 
driving cycle, or until opening the driver’s door. 
However, whether you can continue using the audio 
system depends on the battery condition. Repeatedly 
using this feature may drain the battery.
About Your Audio System
The audio system features AM/FM radio and SiriusXM® Radio* service. It can also 
play audio CDs*, USB flash drives, and iPod, iPhone, iPad* and Bluetooth® devices.

You can operate the audio system from the buttons* and knobs on the panel, the 
remote controls on the steering wheel, or the icons on the touchscreen interface*.

*1 iPod

USB Flash Drive

*2

Remote Controls *1: Models with color audio system
*2: Models with Display Audio
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  277 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuUSB Ports

1USB Ports
• Do not leave the iPod or USB flash drive in the 

vehicle. Direct sunlight and high temperatures may 
damage it.

• We recommend that you use a USB cable if you are 
attaching a USB flash drive to the USB port.

• Do not connect the iPod or USB flash drive using a 
hub.

• Do not use a device such as a card reader or hard 
disk drive, as the device or your files may be 
damaged.

• We recommend backing up your data before using 
the device in your vehicle.

• Displayed messages may vary depending on the 
device model and software version.

If the audio system does not recognize the iPod, try 
reconnecting it a few times or reboot the device. To 
reboot, follow the manufacturer’s instructions 
provided with the iPod or visit www.apple.com/ipod.

USB charge
The USB port can supply up to 2.5A of power. It does 
not output 2.5A unless the device requests.
For amperage details, read the operating manual of 
the device that needs to be charged.

Under certain conditions, a device connected to the 
port may generate noise in the radio you are listening 
to.

Features
USB Ports
Install the iPod USB connector or the USB flash drive to the USB port.
Models with color audio system ■ In the console compartment

Models with color audio system
The USB port (1.0A) on the right side is for 
playing audio files on a USB flash drive, 
connecting a cell phone, and charging 
devices.
The USB port (2.5A) on the left side is only for 
charging devices.
Models with Display Audio

Models with Display Audio The USB port (2.5A) is for charging devices, 
playing audio files and connecting compatible 
phones with Apple CarPlay or Android Auto.
u To prevent any potential issues, be sure 

to use an Apple MFi Certified Lightning 
Connector for Apple CarPlay, and for 
Android Auto, the USB cables should be 
certified by USB-IF to be compliant with 
USB 2.0 Standard.
Continued 277



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  278 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuUSB Ports

1USB Ports
USB Port (2.5A)*

This port is for battery charge only. You cannot play 
music even if you have connected a music player to it.

278

Features
■On the console panel*

The USB port (2.5A) is only for charging 
devices.

■On the back of the console 
compartment*

The USB ports (2.5A) are only for charging 
devices.

■On the left side of the third row seats*

The USB port (2.5A) is only for charging 
devices.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  279 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuAuxiliary Input Jack

1Auxiliary Input Jack
Models with color audio system

You can return to AUX mode by pressing the MEDIA 
button.
Models with Display Audio

You can return to AUX mode by selecting the audio 
source icon on the audio/information screen.

You cannot use the auxiliary input jack if you replace 
the audio system.

Features
Auxiliary Input Jack
Models with color audio system Use the jack to connect standard audio 

devices.

1. Open the AUX cover.
2. Connect a standard audio device to the 

input jack using a 1/8 inch (3.5 mm) stereo 
miniplug.
u The audio system automatically switches 

to the AUX mode.

Models with Display Audio
279



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  280 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuAudio System Theft Protection

280

Features
Audio System Theft Protection
The audio system is disabled when it is disconnected from the power source, such as 
when the battery is disconnected or goes dead. In certain conditions, the system 
may display a code entry screen. If this occurs, reactivate the audio system.

■Reactivating the audio system
1. Set the power mode to ON.
2. Turn on the audio system.
3. Press and hold the audio system power knob for more than two seconds.
u The audio system is reactivated when the audio control unit establishes a 

connection with the vehicle control unit. If the control unit fails to recognize 
the audio unit, you must go to a dealer and have the audio unit checked.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  281 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuAudio Remote Controls

1Audio Remote Controls
Some modes appear only when an appropriate 
device or medium is used.

Depending on the Bluetooth® device you connect, 
some functions may not be operated.

Features
Audio Remote Controls
Models with color audio system

Allow you to operate the audio system while driving.
/  (+/ (- SOURCE Button

Buttons Bar Cycles through the audio modes as follows:
FM1FM2AMUSB/iPodBluetooth® 
AudioAUX

(+/ (- (Volume) Bar
Press (+ : To increase the volume.
Press (- : To decrease the volume.

SOURCE Button

/  Buttons
• When listening to the radio

Press : To select the next preset radio station.
Press : To select the previous preset radio station.
Press and hold : To select the next strong station.
Press and hold : To select the previous strong station.

• When listening to an iPod, USB flash drive, or Bluetooth® Audio
Press : To skip to the next song.
Press : To go back to the beginning of the current or previous song.

• When listening to a USB flash drive, or Bluetooth® Audio
Press and hold : To skip to the next folder.
Press and hold : To go back to the previous folder.
Continued 281



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  282 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuAudio Remote Controls

1Audio Remote Controls
Some modes appear only when an appropriate 
device or medium is used.

Depending on the Bluetooth® device you connect, 
some functions may not be operated.

Press the  (back) button to go back to the 
previous screen or cancel a command.

Press the  (home) button to go back to the home 
screen of the driver information interface.

You can show or hide the audio mode icons, or 
change the order of the icons.

2 Show/Hide Apps P. 140
2 Arrange Apps P. 141

282

Features
Models with Display Audio
Allow you to operate the audio system while driving. The information is shown on 
the driver information interface.
3 /4 / /  (+/ (- (+ / (-  (Volume) Bar
Buttons Bar Press (+ : To increase the volume.

Press (- : To decrease the volume.

ENTER Button



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  283 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio SystemuAudio Remote ControlsFeatures
3 / 4 / / /ENTER Buttons
• When selecting the audio mode

Press 3  or 4  to select Now Playing on the home screen of the driver 
information interface, and then press the ENTER button.

Press 3  or 4 : To cycles through the audio modes as follows:
Android Auto/Apple CarPlaySiriusXM®*Rear Entertainment*AUX 
InputAMBluetooth® AudioSocial PlaylistFMMy Honda MusicUSB/
iPodCD*

• When listening to the radio
Press : To select the next preset radio station.
Press : To select the previous preset radio station.
Press and hold : To select the next strong station.
Press and hold : To select the previous strong station.

• When listening to a CD*, iPod, USB flash drive, My Honda Music, or Bluetooth® 
Audio
Press : To skip to the next song.
Press : To go back to the beginning of the current or previous song.

• When listening to an iPod, USB flash drive, My Honda Music, Bluetooth® Audio, 
or Apple CarPlay
Press and hold / : To move rapidly within a song.
* Not available on all models 283



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  284 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

284

Features
Audio System Basic Operation
1Audio System Basic Operation
These indications are used to show how to operate 
the selector knob.
Rotate  to select.
Press  to enter.

Menu Items
2 Adjusting the Clock P. 154
2 Wallpaper Setup P. 287
2 Display Setup P. 290
2 Scan P. 292, 298
2 Play Mode P. 295, 298
2 RDS Settings P. 292
2 Bluetooth P. 299

One of the operating systems used in this unit is 
eCos.
For software license terms and condition, visit their 
website (eCos license URL: 
http://ecos.sourceware.org/license-overview.html)
For source code disclosure and other details 
regarding eCos, visit: 
http://www.hondaopensource2.com

Press the SOURCE, (+, (-,  or  button on 
the steering wheel to change any audio setting.

2 Audio Remote Controls P. 281
Models with color audio system
To use the audio system, the power mode must be in ACCESSORY or ON.

 (Day/Night)  (Sound) Use the selector knob or MENU/CLOCK 
Button Button button to access some audio functions.

Selector 
Knob
MENU/

 (Back) CLOCK 
Button Button

Selector knob: Rotate left or right to scroll 
Menu Display

through the available choices. Press  to set 
your selection.
MENU/CLOCK button: Press to select any 
mode.
The available modes include the wallpaper, 
display, clock, language setup, and play 
modes. Play modes can be also selected from 
scan, random, repeat, and so on.

 (Back) button: Press to go back to the previous display.
 (Sound) button: Press to select the sound setting mode.
 (Day/Night) button: Press to change the audio/information screen brightness.

Press , then adjust the brightness using .
u Each time you press , the mode switches between the daytime mode, 

nighttime mode and off mode.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  285 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

Audio

Clock/Wallpaper

Features
Audio/Information Screen
Displays the audio status and wallpaper. From this screen, you can go to various 
setup options.

■Switching the Display

Audio/Information Screen
Continued 285



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  286 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

286

Features
■Audio
Shows the current audio information.

■Clock/Wallpaper
Shows a clock screen or an image you import.

■Change display
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select Display Change, then press .
4. Rotate  to select Wallpaper, then press .
u If you want to return to the audio/information screen, select Audio.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  287 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Wallpaper Setup
• When importing wallpaper files, the image must be 

in the USB flash drive’s root directory. Images in a 
folder cannot be imported.

• The file name must be fewer than 64 characters.
• The file format of the image that can be imported 

is BMP (bmp) or JPEG (jpg).
• The individual file size limit is 2 MB.
• The maximum image size is 1,920 x 936 pixels. If 

the image size is less than 480 × 234 pixels, the 
image is displayed in the middle of the screen with 
the extra area appearing in black.

• Up to 255 files can be selected.
• If the USB flash drive does not have any pictures, 

the No compatible images were found. See 
Owner’s Manual. message appears.

Features
■Wallpaper Setup
You can change, store, and delete the wallpaper on the audio/information screen.

■ Import wallpaper
You can import up to three images, one at a 
time, for wallpaper from a USB flash drive.
1. Connect the USB flash drive to the USB 

port.
2 USB Ports P. 277

2. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
3. Rotate  to select Settings, then press 

.
4. Rotate  to select Wallpaper, then press 

.
5. Rotate  to select Import, then press .
u The picture name is displayed on the list.

6. Rotate  to select a desired picture, then 
press .
u The selected picture is displayed.

7. Press  to save the picture.
8. Press  to select OK.
9. Rotate  to select a location to save the 

picture, then press .
u The display will return to the wallpaper 

setting screen.
Continued 287



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  288 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Wallpaper Setup
To go back to the previous screen, press the  
(back) button.

When the file size is large, it takes a while to be 
previewed.

288

Features
■ Select wallpaper
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select Wallpaper, then press .
4. Rotate  to select Select, then press .
u The screen changes to the wallpaper list.

5. Rotate  to select a desired wallpaper, then press .

■ To view wallpaper once it is set
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select Display Change, then press .
4. Rotate  to select Wallpaper, then press .

■Delete wallpaper
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select Wallpaper, then press .
4. Rotate  to select Delete, then press .
u The screen changes to the wallpaper list.

5. Rotate  to select a wallpaper that you want to delete, then press .
6. Rotate  to select Yes, then press .
u The display will return to the wallpaper setting screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  289 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAdjusting the Sound

1Adjusting the Sound
The SVC has four modes: Off, Low, Mid, and High.
SVC adjusts the volume level based on the vehicle 
speed. As you go faster, audio volume increases. As 
you slow down, audio volume decreases.

Features
Adjusting the Sound
 (Sound) Button Press the  (sound) button, and rotate  

to scroll through the following choices:

Selector Knob

TRE is selectable. BAS Bass

TRE Treble

FAD Fader

BAL Balance

SUBW Subwoofer

Speed-sensitive 
SVC Volume Compensation

Rotate  to adjust the sound setting, then 
press .
289



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  290 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuDisplay Setup

1Changing the Screen Brightness
You can change the Contrast and Black Level 
settings in the same manner.

290

Features
Display Setup
You can change the brightness or color theme of the audio/information screen.

■Changing the Screen Brightness
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press 

.
3. Rotate  to select Display Adjustment, 

then press .
4. Rotate  to select Brightness, then press 

.
5. Rotate  to adjust the setting, then press 

.

■Changing the Screen’s Color Theme
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press 

.
3. Rotate  to select Color Theme, then 

press .
4. Rotate  to select the setting you want, 

then press .



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  291 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

Audio/Information Screen

Selector Knob
Turn to tune the radio frequency.
Press and then turn to select an 
item. After that, press again to 
make your selection.

MENU/CLOCK Button
Press to display the menu items.

 (Back) Button
Press to go back to the previous 
display or cancel a setting.

.

Features
Playing AM/FM Radio

RADIO Button
Press to select a band.

VOL/  (Volume/Power) Knob
Press to turn the audio system 
on and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

 /  (Seek/Skip) Buttons
Press  or  to search up and down the 
selected band for a station with a strong 
signal.

Preset Buttons (1-6)
To store a station:
1. Tune to the selected station.
2. Pick a preset button and hold it until you hear a beep.
To listen to a stored station, select a band, then press the preset button
Continued 291



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  292 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

1Playing AM/FM Radio
The ST indicator appears on the display indicating 
stereo FM broadcasts.
Stereo reproduction in AM is not available.

You can store 6 AM stations and 12 FM stations into 
reset button memory. FM1 and FM2 let you store 6 
stations each.

Switching the Audio Mode
Press the SOURCE button on the steering wheel.

2 Audio Remote Controls P. 281

1Radio Data System (RDS)
When you select an RDS-capable FM station, the RDS 
automatically turns on, and the frequency display 
changes to the station name. However, when the 
signals of that station become weak, the display 
changes from the station name to the frequency.

292

Features
■Radio Data System (RDS)
Provides text data information related to your selected RDS capable FM station.

■ To find an RDS station from Station List
1. Press  while listening to an FM station.
2. Rotate  to select the station, then press .

■Update List
Updates your available station list at any time.
1. Press  while listening to an FM station.
2. Rotate  to select Update List, then press .

■Radio text
Displays the radio text information of the selected RDS station.
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Settings, then press .
3. Rotate  to select RDS Settings, then press .
4. Rotate  to select Radio Text, then press .

■ Scan
Samples each of the strongest stations on the selected band for 10 seconds.
1. Press the MENU/CLOCK button.
2. Rotate  to select Scan, then press .

To turn off scan, press .



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  293 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

Audio/Information Screen

Selector Knob
Turn to change songs.
Press and turn to select an item, 
then press to set your selection.
MENU/CLOCK Button
Press to display the menu items.

 (Back) Button
Press to go back to the previous 
display or cancel a setting.

Features
Playing an iPod
Connect the iPod using your USB connector to the USB port, then press the MEDIA 
button.

2 USB Ports P. 277

USB Indicator
Appears when an iPod is connected.

MEDIA Button
Press to select iPod (if connected).

VOL/  (Volume/Power) Knob
Press to turn the audio system on and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

 /  (Seek/Skip) Buttons
Press  or  to change songs.
Press and hold to move rapidly within a song.

Album Art

Play Mode Buttons
Press to select a play mode.
Continued 293



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  294 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

1Playing an iPod
Available operating functions vary on models or 
versions. Some functions may not be available on the 
vehicle’s audio system.

If there is a problem, you may see an error message 
on the audio/information screen.

2 iPod/USB Flash Drive P. 384

294

Features
■How to Select a Song from the iPod Music List with the 
Selector Knob

1. Press  to display the iPod music list.

Category 
Selection 2. Rotate  to select a category.

Item 
Selection 3. Press  to display a list of items in the 

category.
4. Rotate  to select an item, then press .
u Press  and rotate  repeatedly until a 

desired item you want to listen to is 
displayed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  295 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items

 Shuffle Albums: Plays all available albums in 
a selected category (playlists, artists, albums, songs, 
genres, or composers) in random order.

 Shuffle: Plays all available songs in a selected 
category (playlists, artists, albums, songs, genres, or 
composers) in random order.

 Repeat One Track: Repeats the current song.

You can also select a play mode by pressing the 
MENU/CLOCK button.
Rotate  to select Play Mode, then press . 
Rotate  to select a mode, then press .
To turn it off, rotate  to select Normal Play, then 
press .

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select repeat and shuffle modes when playing a song.

Available mode icons appear above the play 
mode buttons.
Press the button corresponding to the mode 
you want to select.

Play Mode Buttons

■ To turn off a play mode
Press the selected button.
295



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  296 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

Audio/Information Screen

Selector Knob
Turn to change folders.
Press and turn to select an item, 
then press to set your selection.

MENU/CLOCK Button
Press to display the menu items.

 (Back) Button
Press to go back to the previous 
display.

296

Features
Playing a USB Flash Drive
Your audio system reads and plays audio files on a USB flash drive in either MP3, 
WMA or AAC*1 format.
Connect your USB flash drive to the USB port, then press the MEDIA button.

2 USB Ports P. 277

USB Indicator
Appears when a USB flash drive 
is connected.

MEDIA Button
Press to select USB flash drive 
(if connected).

VOL/  (Volume/Power) Knob
Press to turn the audio system on and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

 /  (Seek/Skip) Buttons
Press  or  to change tracks.
Press and hold to move rapidly within a track.

Play Mode Buttons (1-6)
Press to select a play mode.

*1:Only AAC format files recorded with iTunes are playable on this unit.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  297 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

1Playing a USB Flash Drive
Use the recommended USB flash drives.

2 General Information on the Audio System 
P. 387

Files in WMA format protected by digital rights 
management (DRM) are not played.
The audio system displays Unplayable File, and then 
skips to the next file.

If there is a problem, you may see an error message 
on the audio/information screen.

2 iPod/USB Flash Drive P. 384

Features
■How to Select a File from a Folder with the Selector Knob
1. Press  to display a folder list.

Folder 
Selection 2. Rotate  to select a folder.

Track 
Selection 3. Press  to display a list of tracks in that 

folder.
4. Rotate  to select a track, then press .
Continued 297



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  298 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items
Repeat

 Repeat One Folder: Repeats all files in the 
current folder.

 Repeat One Track: Repeats the current file.

Random
 Random in Folder: Plays all files in the 

current folder in random order.
 Random All: Plays all files in random order.

Scan
 Scan Folders: Provides 10-second sampling 

of the first file in each of the main folders.
 Scan Tracks: Provides 10-second sampling of 

all files in the current folder.

You can also select a play mode by pressing the 
MENU/CLOCK button.
Rotate  to select Play Mode, then press . 
Rotate  to select a mode, then press .
To turn it off, rotate  to select Normal Play, then 
press .

298

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select repeat, random, and scan modes when playing a file.

Available mode icons appear above the play 
mode buttons.
Press the button corresponding to the mode 
you want to select.

Play Mode Buttons

■ To turn off a play mode
Press the selected button.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  299 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Bluetooth® Audio

1Playing Bluetooth® Audio
Not all Bluetooth-enabled phones with streaming 
audio capabilities are compatible with the system.
For a list of compatible phones:
• U.S.: Visit automobiles.honda.com/handsfreelink/, 

or call 1-888-528-7876.
• Canada: For more information on smartphone 

compatibility, call 1-888-528-7876.

In some states, it may be illegal to perform some data 
device functions while driving.

Only one phone can be used with HFL at a time. 
When there are more than two paired phones in the 
vehicle, the first paired phone the system finds is 
automatically connected.

If more than one phone is paired to the HFL system, 
there may be a delay before the system begins to 
play.

In some cases, the name of the artist, album, or track 
may not appear correctly.

Some functions may not be available on some 
devices.

Features
Playing Bluetooth® Audio
Your audio system allows you to listen to music from your Bluetooth-compatible 
phone.
This function is available when the phone is paired and connected to the vehicle’s 
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® (HFL) system.

2 Phone Setup P. 493

Bluetooth Indicator
Appears when your phone is connected to HFL.

Audio/Information Screen

Selector Knob
Turn to change 

MEDIA groups.
Button Press to display 
Press to select a music search 
the Bluetooth list. Turn to 
Audio mode select an item, 
(if then press to 
connected). set your 

selection.
VOL/  
(Volume/
Power) Knob
Press to turn 
the audio 
system on and Pause Button (Preset 2)
off. Press to pause playing a file.
Turn to adjust Play Button (Preset 1) MENU/CLOCK 
the volume. Press to resume playing a file. Button

 /  (Seek/Skip) Buttons Press to display 
the menu items.

Press  or  to change files.
Continued 299



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  300 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Bluetooth® Audio

1To Play Bluetooth® Audio Files
To play the audio files, you may need to operate your 
phone. If so, follow the phone maker’s operating 
instructions.

The pause function may not be available on some 
phones.

If any audio device is connected to the auxiliary input 
jack or USB port, you may need to press the MEDIA 
button repeatedly to select the Bluetooth® Audio 
system.

Switching to another mode pauses the music playing 
from your phone.

300

Features
■To Play Bluetooth® Audio Files
MEDIA Button 1. Make sure that your phone is paired and 

connected to HFL.
2. Press the MEDIA button until the 

Bluetooth® Audio mode is selected.

If the phone is not recognized, another HFL-
compatible phone, which is not compatible 
for Bluetooth® Audio, may already be 
connected.

Pause Button
Play Button

■ To pause or resume a file
Press the play or pause button to select a mode.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  301 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Bluetooth® Audio

1How to Select a Song from the Music Search List with the Selector 
Knob
Depending on the Bluetooth® device you connect, 
some or all of the categories may not be displayed.

Features
■How to Select a Song from the Music Search List with the 
Selector Knob

1. Press  to display the music search list.

Category 
Selection 2. Rotate  to select a category.

Item 
Selection 3. Press  to display a list of items in the 

category.
4. Rotate  to select an item, then press .
u Press  and rotate  repeatedly until a 

desired item you want to listen to is 
displayed.
301



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  302 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

302

Features
Audio System Basic Operation
Models with Display Audio
To use the audio system function, the power mode must be in ACCESSORY or ON.

 (Back) Icon : Select to go to the home screen.
2 Switching the Display P. 303

 (Home) Icon
: Select to go back to the previous display 

when it is displayed.

 (Day/Night) Icon

: Select to change the audio/information 
screen brightness.
Select  once and select  or  to make 
an adjustment.
u Each time you select , the mode 

switches among the daytime mode, 
nighttime mode and off mode.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  303 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Audio/Information Screen
Touchscreen Operation
• Use simple gestures - including touching, swiping, 

and scrolling - to operate certain audio functions.
• Some items may be grayed out during driving to 

reduce the potential for distraction.
• You can select them when the vehicle is stopped or 

use voice commands.
• Wearing gloves may limit or prevent touchscreen 

response.

You can change the touchscreen sensitivity setting.
2 Customized Features P. 465

Features
Audio/Information Screen
Displays the audio status and wallpaper. From this display, you can go to various 
setup options.

■Switching the Display
■Using the audio/information screen

 (Home) Icon

Home Screen

 All Apps

Select  to go to the home screen.
Select the following icons on the home screen or after selecting  All Apps.
Continued 303



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  304 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

304

Features
■ Phone
Displays the HFL information.

2 Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® P. 512

■ Trip Computer
Displays the trip computer information.
• Current Drive tab: Displays the current trip information.
• Trip A/Trip B tab: Displays information for the current and three previous drives. 

The information is stored every time you reset Trip A/B.
To reset Trip A/B, select Reset.
To change the setting of how to reset Trip A/B, select Settings, then select Trip 
A Reset Method or Trip B Reset Method.

■Clock
Displays the clock.

■ System Updates
Updates the software version of the audio system.

2 System Updates P. 317

■ FM/AM/Sirius XM*/CD*/USB/Bluetooth Audio/AUX Input/My Honda 
Music/Social Playlist

Displays the each audio information.

■ Settings
Enters the customizing menu screen.

2 Customized Features P. 465
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  305 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information ScreenFeatures
■Navigation*

Displays the navigation screen.
2 Refer to the Navigation System Manual

■HondaLink
Displays the HondaLink® screen.

2 HondaLink® P. 366

■Apple CarPlay/Android Auto
Displays the Apple CarPlay or Android Auto.

2 Apple CarPlay P. 375
2 Android Auto P. 378

■Messages
Displays the text message screen.

2 Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® P. 512

■CabinTalk*

Displays the CabinTalk screen.
2 CabinTalk®* P. 538

■CabinWatch*

Displays the CabinWatch screen.
2 CabinWatch®* P. 537

■Rear Entertainment*

Displays the rear audio screen.
2 Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System* P. 411
* Not available on all models Continued 305



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  306 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

306

Features
■AT&T Hotspot*

Displays the AT&T Hotspot screen.
2 AT&T Hotspot* P. 373

■ File Manager
Displays the file manager screen.

2 File Manager P. 323
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  307 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Wallpaper Setup
The wallpaper you set up on Clock Faces cannot be 
displayed on the driver information interface.
• The file name must be fewer than 255 characters.
• The file format of the image that can be imported 

is BMP, GIF, JPEG, PNG, or WebP.
• If the USB flash drive does not have any pictures, 

the No Data message appears.

Features
■Wallpaper Setup
You can change, store, and delete the wallpaper on the audio/information screen.

■ Import wallpaper
1. Connect the USB flash drive to the USB port 

in the console compartment.
2 USB Ports P. 277

2. Select Clock.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Clock Faces.
5. Select Add More.
u The File Manager screen is displayed.

6. Import a desired picture.
2 How to Transfer a File P. 323

u The display will return to the Clock Faces 
screen.
Continued 307



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  308 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

308

Features
■ Select wallpaper
1. Select Clock.
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Clock Faces.
4. Select a desired wallpaper.
u The preview is displayed on the screen.

5. Select Save.
u The display will return to the clock screen.

■ To view wallpaper once it is set
1. Select .
2. Select Clock.

■Delete wallpaper
1. Select Clock.
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Clock Faces.
4. Select Delete Photos.
u The File Manager screen is displayed.

5. Delete a picture.
2 How to Delete a File P. 326

u The display will return to the Clock Faces screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  309 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Home Screen
The home screen has 5 pages. You cannot add any 
more pages.

Select  to go directly back to the first page of the 
home screen from any page.

Features
■Home Screen
■ To change to a next screen

Swipe

>  Icon <  Icon Current page position

Selecting <  or > , or swiping the screen left or right changes to the next screen.
Continued 309



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  310 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1To add app icons on the home screen
Pre-installed apps may not start up normally. If this 
occurs, you need to reset the system.

2 Defaulting All the Settings P. 483

If you perform Factory Data Reset, it may reset all 
the settings to their factory default.

2 Defaulting All the Settings P. 483

In case those apps still do not startup normally even 
after Factory Data Reset, contact your dealer.

There is a possibility that a browser is shut down in 
the situation of the use. In that situation, the screen 
will return to before the browser startup.

310

Features
■ To add app icons on the home screen
App icons can be added on the home screen.

1. Select .
2. Select  All Apps.
3. Check the box of the app you want to add.
u The app icon will be added on the home 

screen.

 All Apps 
Icon

Check Box



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  311 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1To move icons on the home screen
Select Tips to show tips. To hide them, select it again.

Features
■ To move icons on the home screen
You can change location on the home screen.

1. Select and hold an icon.
u The screen switches to the customization 

screen.
2. Drag and drop the icon to where you want 

it to be.
Select and hold. 3. Select Done.

u The screen will return to the home 
screen.

Drag and drop.
Continued 311



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  312 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1To remove icons on the home screen
Apps will not be deleted by deleting the icon on the 
home screen.

Select Tips to show tips. To hide them, select it again.

312

Features
■ To remove icons on the home screen
You can delete the icons on the home screen.

1. Select and hold an icon.
u The screen switches to the customization 

screen.
2. Drag and drop the icon you want to remove 

to the Hide icon.
Select and hold. u The icon is removed from the home 

screen.
3. Select Done.
u The screen will return to the home 

screen.

Drag and drop to 
Hide icon.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  313 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1To preset icons on the home screen
Select Tips to show tips. To hide them, select it again.

Features
■ To preset icons on the home screen
You can store up to three icons on the upper left of the home screen.

1. Select and hold an icon.
u The screen switches to the customization 

screen.
2. Drag and drop the icon you want to store to 

the upper left of the home screen.
Select and hold. u The icon is preset.

3. Select Done.
Preset u The screen will return to the home 
Icons

screen.

Drag and 
drop to preset 
icon.
Continued 313



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  314 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

314

Features
■Status Area
1. Select the system status icon.
u The status area appears.

2. Select an item to see the details.
3. Select  or the system status icon to close 

the area.

System 
Status Icon

Status Area



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  315 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

1Updating Apps
The wireless updates are for the apps on the audio 
system only.

To update compatible apps on your iPhone or 
Android phone, please visit the App Store or Google 
Play Store, respectively.

Features
■Updating Apps
Some of the audio system’s apps can be updated wirelessly when connected via Wi-
Fi, or Bluetooth® in conjunction with the HondaLink® app installed on a compatible 
iOS or Android device. If an update is available, a notification is displayed at the top 
of the screen with the respective app’s update icon.

■ To update an app:
1. A notification appears and notifies you of a 

update message on the header area.

2. Select the system status icon, and then 
select the software update notification 
from the list.
Continued 315



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  316 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAudio/Information Screen

316

Features
3. Select Download.

Phone Navigation FM 12:34
HondaLink Update

HondaLink service update is available.
Would you like to download it?

Later Download

4. Select OK.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the update is successful. Select OK.
u Restart the engine for the update to be 

applied.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  317 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

1Wireless connection mode setup
If your vehicle has a telematics control unit (TCU), you 
do not need the wireless connection mode setup.

Features
System Updates
The audio system’s firmware can be updated with a Wi-Fi connection or with a USB 
device.

■How to Update Wirelessly
■Wireless connection mode setup

1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Connection Setup.

5. Select Change Mode.
6. Select Network, then Save.
u The display returns to the network list.

7. Select an access point from the network list, 
then Connect.
u If the audio system requires a password, 

enter a password.
Continued 317



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  318 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

318

Features
■How to update
When the audio system update is available, the notification is shown on the audio/
information screen. Use the following procedure to update the system.

1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.

Notification

3. Select via Wireless.
4. Select Download Now.
u A notification appears on the screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  319 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

1How to update
If Install while Vehicle OFF is selected and the user 
turns the vehicle back on after the update has been 
completed, for 3 to 5 minutes the system will rebuild 
the applications, during which time the Honda logo 
will be displayed.

Features
5. Select Install Now or Install while 
Vehicle OFF.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the update is successful.
Continued 319



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  320 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

320

Features
■Automatic download settings
Use the following procedure to change to the automatic download setting.

1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Auto Download.
5. Select the access point, then Allow.

■View an update result
Use the following procedure to confirm the update result.

1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Update Result.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  321 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

1How to Update with a USB Device
A USB device with a minimum of 8 GB of free space 
or more is recommended.

Be sure to delete any previous inventory or update 
files from the USB before starting the USB update 
process.

Features
■How to Update with a USB Device
■Download the update files from the server

1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.
3. Select via USB.
u A notification appears on the screen.

4. Connect a USB device into the USB port in 
the console compartment.
u The inventory data is copied into the USB 

device.
2 USB Ports P. 277

5. Remove the USB device from the USB port.
6. Connect the USB device into your 

computer, and then download the update 
files.
u Follow the link to download the required 

software update files. Refer to 
https://usb.honda.com for instructions.
Continued 321



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  322 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSystem Updates

1Update the audio system
If Install while Vehicle OFF is selected and the user 
turns the vehicle back on after the update has been 
completed, for 3 to 5 minutes the system will rebuild 
the applications, during which time the Honda logo 
will be displayed.

322

Features
■Update the audio system
1. Select .
2. Select System Updates.
3. Select via USB.
u A notification appears on the screen.

4. Connect the USB device with the update 
files into the USB port.
u A notification appears on the screen.

2 USB Ports P. 277

5. Select Install Now or Install while 
Vehicle OFF.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the update is successful.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  323 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile ManagerFeatures
File Manager
Allows you to transfer image or audio files to the audio system with a USB device.

■How to Transfer a File
1. Connect a USB device into the USB port in 

the console compartment.
2 USB Ports P. 277

2. Select , then select  All Apps.
3. Select File Manager.
4. Select Transfer Content.

To transfer a selected file:
5. Select Select Files to Transfer.
Continued 323



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  324 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile Manager

1How to Transfer a File
To switch the view method, select List or Thumbnail 
on the upper right of the screen.

324

Features
6. Select the file or folder you want to 
transfer.

7. Select OK.

8. Select Transfer.
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Continue.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the transfer is successful. Then, the 
display will return to the File Manager 
screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  325 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile Manager

1How to Transfer a File
To switch the view method, select List or Thumbnail 
on the upper right of the screen.

Features
To transfer all files:
5. Select Transfer All Content.

6. Select Transfer.
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Continue.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the transfer is successful. Then, the 
display will return to the File Manager 
screen.
Continued 325



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  326 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile Manager

326

Features
■How to Delete a File
1. Select , then select  All Apps.
2. Select File Manager.
3. Select Delete Content.

To delete a selected file:
4. Select Select Files to Delete.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  327 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile Manager

1How to Transfer a File
To switch the view method, select List or Thumbnail 
on the upper right of the screen.

Features
5. Select the file or folder you want to delete.
6. Select OK.

7. Select Delete.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the deletion is successful. Then, the 
display will return to the File Manager 
screen.
Continued 327



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  328 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuFile Manager

1How to Transfer a File
To switch the view method, select List or Thumbnail 
on the upper right of the screen.

328

Features
To delete all files:
4. Select Delete All Content.

5. Select Delete.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

the transfer is successful. Then, the 
display will return to the File Manager 
screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  329 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAdjusting the Sound

1Adjusting the Sound
The SVC has four modes: off, low, mid, and high.
SVC adjusts the volume level based on the vehicle 
speed. As you go faster, audio volume increases. As 
you slow down, audio volume decreases.

You can also adjust the sound the following 
procedure.
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Sound.

To reset each setting for Bass / Treble, Center / 
Subwoofer Volume (Subwoofer Volume) and 
Balance / Fader, select Reset.

Features
Adjusting the Sound
1. Select .
2. Select an audio source icon.
3. Select Sound.

Select an item from the following choices:
• Bass / Treble: Treble, Midrange, Bass
• Center / Subwoofer Volume 

(Subwoofer Volume): Center*, 
Subwoofer

• Balance / Fader: Balance, Fader
• Audio Zones*: Driver Only, Front Only, 

Rear Only, Full Vehicle
• Speed Volume Compensation: Speed 

Volume Compensation (SVC)
• DTS Neural Surround*: DTS Neural 

SurroundTM
* Not available on all models 329



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  330 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuDisplay Setup

1Changing the Screen Brightness
You can change the Contrast and Black Level 
settings in the same manner.

To reset the settings, select Reset.

330

Features
Display Setup
You can change the brightness of the audio/information screen.

■Changing the Screen Brightness
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Display.
4. Select Day Mode or Night Mode.
5. Select the setting you want.
6. Select Save.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  331 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuDisplay SetupFeatures
■Selecting an Audio Source

Select the source icon
Source Select Screen

Source List Icons

Select the current source icon, then select an icon on the source list to switch the 
audio source. 

■ Limitations for Manual Operation
Certain manual functions are disabled or inoperable while the vehicle is in motion.
You cannot select a grayed-out option until the vehicle is stopped.
331



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  332 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuVoice Control Operation

1Voice Control Operation
When you press the  button, a helpful prompt asks 
what you would like to do. Press and release the  
button again to bypass this prompt and give a 
command.

1Voice Recognition
The voice control system can only be used from the 
driver’s seat because the microphone unit removes 
noises from the front passenger’s side.

332

Features
Voice Control Operation
Your vehicle has a voice control system that allows hands-free operation.
The voice control system uses the  (talk) and  (back) buttons on the steering 
wheel and a microphone near the map lights on the ceiling.

■Voice Recognition
To achieve optimum voice recognition when using the voice control system:
• Make sure the correct screen is displayed for the voice command that you are 

using.
The system recognizes only certain commands. Available voice commands.

2 Voice Portal Screen P. 333
• Close the windows and moonroof*.
• Adjust the dashboard and side vents so air does not blow onto the microphone 

on the ceiling.
• Speak clearly in a clear, natural speaking voice without pausing between words.
• Reduce any background noise if possible. The system may misinterpret your 

command if more than one person is speaking at the same time.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  333 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuVoice Control OperationFeatures
■Voice Portal Screen

When the  (talk) button is pressed, 
available voice commands appear on the 
screen.
For a complete list of commands, say “Voice 
Help” after the beep.

The system only recognizes the commands 
on the following pages, at certain screens.
Free form voice commands are not 
recognized.

*1: Models with navigation system
* Not available on all models
■ Phone
This can be only used when the phone is 
connected. When the system recognizes the 
Phone command, the screen will change 
the dedicated screen for the voice 
recognition of the phone.
• Call <Your Contact Name>
• Call <Phone Number>
• Call <Category>
Phone commands are not available if using 
Apple CarPlay.

■Audio
When the system recognizes the Audio 
command, the screen will change the 
dedicated screen for the voice recognition 
of the audio.
• FM
• AM
• USB
• Sirius XM*

• My Honda Music
■Navigation*1

The screen changes the navigation screen.
2 Refer to the Navigation System Manual

■Voice Help
Readout voice guidance for Help on current 
screen.
Continued 333



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  334 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuVoice Control Operation

334

Features
■Phone Commands
The system accepts these commands on the 
dedicated screen for the voice recognition 
of the phone.
• Call <Your Contact Name>
• Call <Phone Number>
• Call <Category>
* Not available on all models
■Audio Commands
The system accepts these commands on the 
dedicated screen for the voice recognition 
of the audio.

■ FM Commands
• Tune to <87.7-107.9> FM

■AM Commands
• Tune to <530-1710> AM

■ Sirius XM Commands*

• Channel <1-999>
• Channel <station name>

■USB/My Honda Music Commands
• Play Artist
• Play Album
• Play Genre
• Play Playlist
• Play Music
• Play Song



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  335 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

Audio/Information Screen

Settings Icon
Select whether to tune to 
HD RadioTM* automatically.

Preset Icons
Tune the radio frequency for preset memory. 
Select and hold the preset icon to store that 
station. Select >  to display preset 5 onwards.

Features
Playing AM/FM Radio

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to the previous 
display.

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

Seek Icons
Select  or  to search up and down 
the selected band for a station with a 
strong signal.

Tune Icon
Select to use the on-screen keyboard for 
entering the radio frequency directly.

Scan Icon
Select to scan each station with a strong 
signal.
* Not available on all models Continued 335



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  336 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

1Preset Memory
The ST indicator appears on the display indicating 
stereo FM broadcasts.
Stereo reproduction in AM is not available.

Switching the Audio Mode
Press the 3  or 4  button on the steering wheel or 
select the audio source icon on the screen.

2 Audio Remote Controls P. 281

You can store 12 AM/FM stations into preset 
memory.

Models with HD RadioTM feature
HD Radio Technology manufactured under license 
from iBiquity Digital Corporation. U.S. and Foreign 
Patents. HD RadioTM and the HD, HD Radio, and 
“Arc” logos are proprietary trademarks of iBiquity 
Digital Corp.

336

Features
■Preset Memory
To store a station:
1. Tune to the selected station.
2. Select and hold the preset number for the station you want to store.

■Station List
Lists the strongest stations on the selected band.
1. Select Station List to display a list.
2. Select the station.

■Manual update
Updates your available station list at any time.
1. Select Station List to display a list.
2. Select Refresh.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  337 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

1Radio Data System (RDS)
When you select an RDS-capable FM station, the RDS 
automatically turns on, and the frequency display 
changes to the station name. However, when the 
signals of that station become weak, the display 
changes from the station name to the frequency.

Features
■Scan
Samples each of the strongest stations on the selected band for 10 seconds. To turn 
off scan, select Stop or .

■Radio Data System (RDS)
Provides text data information related to your selected RDS-capable FM station.

■ To find an RDS station from Station List
1. Select Station List to display a list while listening to an FM station.
2. Select the station.

■Manual update
Updates your available station list at any time.
1. Select Station List to display a list while listening to an FM station.
2. Select Refresh.

■ Scan
Samples each of the strongest stations on the selected band for 10 seconds. To turn 
off scan, select Stop or .
Continued 337



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  338 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying AM/FM Radio

338

Features
Models with HD RadioTM feature

■HD Subchannel
Displays the subchannel list when an HD RadioTM station is selected while listening to 
an FM station.
1. Select HD Radio Channels.
2. Select the channel number.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  339 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

Audio/Information Screen

Preset Icons
Tune the radio frequency for 
preset memory. Select and hold 
the preset icon to store that 
station. Select >  to display 
preset 5 onwards.

Features
Playing SiriusXM® Radio*

Album Art

Station Art

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to the previous 
display.

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

Channel Icons
Select  or  to the previous or next channel.
Select and hold to rapidly skip 10 channels at a time.

Category Icons
Select  or  to display and select a 
SiriusXM® Radio category.
* Not available on all models Continued 339



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  340 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Playing SiriusXM® Radio*

In the channel mode, all available channels are 
selectable. In the category mode, you can select a 
channel within a category (Jazz, Rock, Classical, etc.).

There may be instances when SiriusXM® Radio does 
not broadcast all the data fields (artist name, title). 
This does not indicate a problem with your audio 
system.

SiriusXM® Radio stations load in ascending order, 
which can take about a minute. Once they have 
loaded you will be able to scroll up or down to make 
your selections.

Switching the Audio Mode
Press the 3  or 4  button on the steering wheel or 
select the audio source icon on the screen.

2 Audio Remote Controls P. 281

Tune Start:
When you change to a preset channel, a song being 
played on that channel restarts from the beginning 
with this function. This can be turned on or off by the 
following procedure.
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Tune Start.
3. Select ON or OFF.

To change a category, select Category icons, or 
select More and then select Category List.

340

Features
■To Change the Tune Mode
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Tune Mode.
3. Select All Channels or Within Category.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  341 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Preset Memory
You can store 12 SiriusXM® channels into the preset 
memory.

1Multi-channel preset (for music channels only)
TuneMix:
The multi-channel preset function can be turned on 
or off by the following procedure.
1. Select Settings.
2. Select TuneMix.
3. Select ON or OFF.

When you want to replace the channel, select 
Replace Preset.
If you want to delete a channel, select Edit TuneMix, 
and then select the channel you want to delete.

Features
■Preset Memory
To store a channel:
1. Tune to the selected channel.
2. Select and hold the preset number for the station you want to store.

■Multi-channel preset (for music channels only)
You can store up to 10 of your preferred music channels per preset.

1. Tune a station.
2. Select and hold the preset number you 

want to add a music channel.
3. Select Add to TuneMix or Create 

TuneMix.
u A message appears if there are no 

available presets.
Continued 341



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  342 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Listening to Featured Channels
Up to three featured channels by SiriusXM® can be 
displayed.

Featured channel lists are at the top of the channel 
list.

To switch the sorting method, select Number, Name 
or Category on the upper right of the screen.

Select Keypad to use the on-screen keyboard for 
entering the channel number directly.

342

Features
■ Listening to Featured Channels
Suggested channel listing received from SiriusXM® can be displayed and selected.
1. Select Channel List.
2. Select the featured channel list title you want to listen to.
u The selected channel list of the title is displayed.

3. Select the channel.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  343 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Replay Function
The system starts storing broadcast in memory when 
the power mode is turned ON. You can go back to 
the program from that point.

You can no longer replay any program once the 
power mode is turned off as it erases memory.
You can check how long the program has been 
stored in memory from the audio/information screen.

After 30 or 60 minutes of recording the system will 
automatically start deleting the oldest data.

Audio/Information Screen
(A)

(C) (D) (B)

(A): Shows how much time the replayed segment is 
behind the real-time broadcast
(B): Replayed segment
(C): Length stored in memory
(D): Play/Pause icon

Features
■Replay Function
The system can record up to the last 60 minutes broadcast of your currently tuned 
channel as well as the last 30 minutes broadcast of preset channels, starting from 
the moment you turn the vehicle on. If you tuned to preset channel, the system 
records up to 60 minutes of a broadcast instead of up to 30 minutes. You can 
rewind and replay the last 30 or 60 minutes of a broadcast.

Move the position you want to replay by selecting  or .

To play or pause on playback mode, select the play/pause icon.

■Returning to real-time broadcast
Select and hold .
Continued 343



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  344 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Live Sports Alert
The sports alert function at SiriusXM® mode only.

1To set up a favorite team
Sports alerts cut in only when SiriusXM® mode is on.

344

Features
■ Live Sports Alert
While listening to other channel, you can receive sports alerts such as scores from 
your favorite teams. 

■ To set up a favorite team
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Sports Notifications Setup.
3. Select Favorite Teams.
4. Select + Add Favorite Team.
5. Select a team.

■ To set up an alert message
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Sports Notifications Setup.
3. Select Notifications.
4. Select Game Notifications or SportsFlash Game Play Notifications.
5. Select Notifications.
6. Select On.
7. Select a favorite team.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  345 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Traffic and Weather Information
The traffic and weather information function at 
SiriusXM® mode only.

Features
■Traffic and Weather Information
You can receive traffic and weather information.
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Traffic & Weather Setup.
3. Select Selected City.
4. Select the region.
u When you do not want to receive the information, select Reset Location.
Continued 345



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  346 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Channel Schedule
Select Keypad to use the on-screen keyboard for 
entering the channel number directly.

1To set up an alert message
The alert function at SiriusXM® mode only.

Selecting Just Once disables the alert feature next 
time you turn the power mode to ON.

If you want to delete the alert, select Remove Alert.

346

Features
■Channel Schedule
You can view a channel schedule or receive a alert when your favorite program is 
about to start.

■ To view a channel schedule
1. Select More.
2. Select Channel Schedule.

■ To set up an alert message
1. Select More.
2. Select Channel Schedule.
3. Select a program.
4. Select Set Program Alert.
5. Select Just Once or Every Time.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  347 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*Features
■Manage Program Alert
You can change settings for the alert function.

■ To enable the alert function
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Manage Program Alerts.
3. Select Notifications.
4. Select ON or OFF.

■ To remove an alert
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Manage Program Alerts.
3. Select Alerts Set.
4. Select  on the alert you want to delete.
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Delete.
Continued 347



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  348 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying SiriusXM® Radio*

1Scan
The “Scan Songs in Presets” function is based on 
TuneScanTM technology of SiriusXM®.

The “Featured Channels” function is based on 
Featured FavoritesTM technology of SiriusXM®.

TuneScanTM and Featured FavoritesTM are registered 
trademarks of SiriusXM® Radio, Inc.

348

Features
■Scan
Sample each channel on the selected mode for 10 seconds.
1. Select More.
2. Select Scan.

You can change a scan mode by the following procedure.
1. Select Settings.
2. Select Scan Mode.
3. Select Channel or Preset.

To turn off scan, select Stop.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  349 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a CD*

Audio/Information Screen

Play/Pause Icon

Disc Slot
Insert a CD about halfway into 
the CD slot.

 (Eject) Button
Press to eject a CD.

Features
Playing a CD*

Your audio system supports audio CDs, CD-Rs, and CD-RWs in either MP3, WMA, 
or AAC*1 format. With the CD loaded, select the CD mode.

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to the previous 
display.

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

Track Icons
Select  or  to change tracks (files in MP3, WMA, or AAC).
Select and hold to move rapidly within a track.

*1:Only AAC format files recorded with iTunes are playable on this unit.
* Not available on all models Continued 349



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  350 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a CD*

1Playing a CD*

NOTICE
Do not use CDs with adhesive labels. The label can 
cause the CD to jam in the unit.

WMA files protected by digital rights management 
(DRM) cannot be played.
The audio system displays Selected file cannot be 
played on this system, then skips to the next file.

Text data appears on the display under the following 
circumstances:
• When you select a new folder, file, or track.
• When you change the audio mode to CD.
• When you insert a CD.

If you eject the CD but do not remove it from the slot, 
the system reloads the CD automatically after several 
seconds.

350

Features
■How to Select a File from the Music Search List

Browse Screen If there is a folder(s) on a CD:
1. Select Browse.
2. Select Current Playlist, or Folders then a 

folder.
3. Select a track.

If there is no folder on a CD:
1. Select Track List.

Track List Screen 2. Select a track.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  351 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a CD*

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items
Scan
Select Scan Mode, and then select the following:
First Track in All Folders (MP3/WMA/AAC): 
Provides 10-second sampling of the first file in each 
of the main folders.
Current folder: Provides 10-second sampling of all 
tracks on the CD (all files in the current folder in MP3, 
WMA, or AAC).

Random/Repeat
 Random in Folder (MP3/WMA/AAC): Plays all 

files in the current folder in random order.
 Random All Tracks: Plays all tracks/files in 

random order.
 Repeat Folder (MP3/WMA/AAC): Repeats all 

files in the current folder.
 Repeat Track: Repeats the current track/file.

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select scan, repeat, and random modes when playing a track or file.

■ Scan
Select Scan.
u If there is a folder(s) on a CD, you can 

select Current folder or First Track in 
All Folders.

To turn off scan, select Stop.

■Random/Repeat
Cycles through the modes as follows:
Random

 (off)   (highlighted)
Repeat

 (off) 
351



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  352 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

Audio/Information Screen

Play/Pause Icon

352

Features
Playing an iPod
Connect the iPod using your USB connector to the USB port, then select the USB 
mode.

2 USB Ports P. 277

Cover Art

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to the previous 
display.

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

Track Icons
Select  or  to change songs.
Select and hold to move rapidly 
within a song.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  353 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

1Playing an iPod
Available operating functions vary on models or 
versions. Some functions may not be available on the 
vehicle’s audio system.

If there is a problem, you may see an error message 
on the audio/information screen.

2 iPod/USB Flash Drive P. 384

If you operate the music app on your iPhone/iPod 
while the phone is connected to the audio system, 
you may no longer be able to operate the same app 
on the audio/information screen.
Reconnect the device if necessary.

If an iPhone is connected via Apple CarPlay, the iPod/ 
USB source will be unavailable and audio files on the 
phone will be playable only within Apple CarPlay.

Features
■How to Select a Song from the Music Search List
1. Select Browse.
2. Select the items on that menu.
Continued 353



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  354 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying an iPod

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items

 Shuffle All Songs: Plays all available files in a 
selected list (playlists, artists, albums, songs, 
podcasts, genres, composers, or audiobooks) in 
random order.

 Repeat Song: Repeats the current track.

354

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select shuffle and repeat modes when playing a file.

Select  or .

■ To turn off a play mode
Select the mode you want to turn off.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  355 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

nd

Audio/Information Screen

-0:12

Play/Pause Icon
Track Icons
Select  or  to change files.
Select and hold to move rapidly 
within a track.

Features
Playing a USB Flash Drive
Your audio system reads and plays audio files on a USB flash drive in either MP3, 
WMA, or AAC*1 format.
Connect your USB flash drive to the USB port, then select the USB mode.

2 USB Ports P. 277

BBBBB
Phone Navigati.. FM

 (Back) Icon AAA Sou

Select to go back to the previous AAAAA

display. BBBBB
CCCCC

0:08

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) Browse Track

Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

*1:Only AAC format files recorded with iTunes are playable on this unit.
Continued 355



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  356 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

1Playing a USB Flash Drive
Use the recommended USB flash drives.

2 General Information on the Audio System 
P. 387

WMA files protected by digital rights management 
(DRM) cannot be played.
The audio system displays The selected file cannot 
be played on this system, then skips to the next 
file.

If there is a problem, you may see an error message 
on the audio/information screen.

2 iPod/USB Flash Drive P. 384

356

Features
■How to Select a File from the Music Search List
1. Select Browse.
2. Select the items on that menu.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  357 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying a USB Flash Drive

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items
Random/Repeat

 Random in Category: Plays all files in the 
current category in random order.

 Repeat Track: Repeats the current file.

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select repeat and random modes when playing a file.

■Random/Repeat
Select  or .

■ To turn off a play mode
Select the mode you want to turn off.
357



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  358 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying My Honda Music

Audio/Information Screen

Play/Pause Icon
Track Icons
Select  or  to change files.
Select and hold to move rapidly 
within a track.

358

Features
Playing My Honda Music
My Honda Music plays audio files that have been imported form a USB flash drive. 
Your audio system supports audio files in either MP3, WMA, or AAC*1 format.

2 File Manager P. 323

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to the previous 
display.

VOL/  AUDIO (Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the audio system on 
and off.
Turn to adjust the volume.

*1:Only AAC format files recorded with iTunes are playable on this unit.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  359 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying My Honda Music

1How to Transfer an Audio File
If there is no audio file in your audio system, the 
system will automatically proceed to step 3 after 
connecting a USB device.

Use the recommended USB flash drives.
2 General Information on the Audio System 

P. 387

Features
■How to Transfer an Audio File
1. Connect a USB device into the USB port.

2 USB Ports P. 277
2. Select More.
3. Select Import Files to My Honda Music.
u The File Manager screen is displayed.

4. Transfer an audio file to your audio system.
2 How to Transfer a File P. 323

■How to delete an audio file
1. Select More.
2. Select Delete Files from My Honda Music.
u The File Manager screen is displayed.

3. Delete an audio file.
2 How to Delete a File P. 326
Continued 359



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  360 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying My Honda Music

1Playing My Honda Music
WMA files protected by digital rights management 
(DRM) cannot be played.
The audio system displays The selected file cannot 
be played on this system, then skips to the next 
file.

360

Features
■How to Select a File from the Music Search List
1. Select Browse.
2. Select the items on that menu.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  361 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying My Honda Music

1How to Select a Play Mode
Play Mode Menu Items
Random/Repeat

 Random in Category: Plays all files in the 
current category in random order.
Random All Tracks: Plays all files in random order.

 Repeat Track: Repeats the current file.

Features
■How to Select a Play Mode
You can select repeat and random modes when playing a file.

■Random/Repeat
Select  or .

■ To turn off a play mode
Select the mode you want to turn off.
361



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  362 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Bluetooth® Audio

1Playing Bluetooth® Audio
Not all Bluetooth-enabled phones with streaming 
audio capabilities are compatible with the system.
To check if your phone is compatible, visit 
http://www.handsfreelink.com/Honda/.

It may be illegal to perform some data device 
functions while driving.

Only one phone can be used with HFL at a time. 
When there are more than two paired phones in the 
vehicle, the first paired phone the system finds is 
automatically connected. 

The connected phone for Bluetooth® Audio can be 
different.

If more than one phone is paired to the HFL system, 
there may be a delay before the system begins to 
play.

In some cases, the name of the artist, album, or track 
may not appear correctly.

Some functions may not be available on some 
devices.

If a phone is currently connected via Apple CarPlay or 
Android Auto, Bluetooth® Audio from that phone 
will be unavailable. However, you can have a second 
previously paired phone stream Bluetooth® Audio by 
selecting  from the Bluetooth® device list.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

362

Features
Playing Bluetooth® Audio
Your audio system allows you to listen to music from your Bluetooth-compatible 
phone.
This function is available when the phone is paired and connected to the vehicle’s 
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® (HFL) system.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

Audio/Information 
Screen

Bluetooth Indicator
Appears when your 
phone is connected 
to HFL.

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to 
the previous display.

VOL/  AUDIO 
(Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the Random Icon*1

audio system on Select to play all files in 
and off. the current category in 
Turn to adjust random order.
the volume. Repeat Icon*1

Select to repeat the current 
file.

Play/Pause Icon
Track Icons
Select  or  to change tracks.

*1:Depending on the Bluetooth® device you connect, this function may not be 
displayed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  363 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Bluetooth® Audio

1To Play Bluetooth® Audio Files
To play the audio files, you may need to operate your 
phone. If so, follow the phone maker’s operating 
instructions.

Switching to another mode pauses the music playing 
from your phone.

You can change the connected phone by selecting 
Change Device.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

1Searching for Music
Depending on the Bluetooth® device you connect, 
some or all of the lists may not be displayed.

Features
■To Play Bluetooth® Audio Files
1. Make sure that your phone is paired and 

connected to the system.
2 Phone Setup P. 517

2. Select the Bluetooth® Audio mode.

If the phone is not recognized, another HFL-
compatible phone, which is not compatible 
for Bluetooth® Audio, may already be 
connected.

■ To pause or resume a file
Select the play/pause icon.

■Searching for Music
1. Select Browse.
2. Select a search category (e.g., Albums).
3. Select an item.
u The selection begins playing.
363



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  364 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Social Playlist

1Playing Social Playlist
For more information, check the Honda 
CabinControl smartphone app instruction manual.

364

Features
Playing Social Playlist
The Honda CabinControl® smartphone app allows users to share audio files from 
their devices to Social Playlist.
Unfortunately, the driver cannot select the audio files from the audio/information 
screen. The driver can play in order of their choice only if they individually select each 
song in the queue. The driver cannot rearrange the order of the playlist.

2 Wi-Fi Connection P. 371

Audio/Information 
Screen

 (Back) Icon
Select to go back to Remove Icon
the previous display. Select to remove 

the file from the 
VOL/  AUDIO playlist.
(Volume/Power) 
Knob
Push to turn the Random Icon
audio system on Select to play all files in 
and off. random order.
Turn to adjust 
the volume. Repeat Icon

Select to repeat the current 
file.

Play/Pause Icon

Track Icons
Select  or  to change files.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  365 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuPlaying Social PlaylistFeatures
■How to Edit the Playlist
1. Select .
2. Select Social Playlist.
3. Select Queue.
To play a file on the playlist:
u Select the file.

To remove a file from the playlist:
u Select  on the file.

To clear the playlist:
u Select Clear, and then select Request 

Songs to reload a playlist.
To check the connected device:
u Select Device List.
365



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  366 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuHondaLink®

1HondaLink®
The HondaLink® connect app is compatible with most 
iPhone and Android phones.

Some cell phone carriers charge for tethering and 
smartphone data use. Check your phone’s data 
subscription package.

When Apple CarPlay or Android Auto is connected to 
the audio system, HondaLink® can be accessed even 
without a Wi-Fi connection.

366

Features
HondaLink®
HondaLink® connects you to the latest information from Honda. You can connect 
your phone wirelessly through Wi-Fi or Bluetooth®.

2 Wi-Fi Connection P. 371
2 Phone Setup P. 517

■To Connect to HondaLink® Service
Use the following procedure to connect to HondaLink® service.

■ To enable the HondaLink® service
You need to allow the consent of the location service to enable the HondaLink® 
service.

Disable: Does not allow this consent.
Enable Once: Allows only one time. (Shows 
again next time.)
Always Enable: Allows anytime. (Never 
show again.)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  367 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuHondaLink®Features
■ To link with HondaLink®
You may see the connection guide screen 
after launching HondaLink® when there is no 
connection available.

■HondaLink® Menu

■Vehicle
Displays instruction messages when the vehicle needs service.

■Help & Support
Displays tips for vehicle usage, and get support via road side or customer service 
center.
Continued 367



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  368 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuHondaLink®

368

Features
■Messages from Honda
Displays helpful and important information from Honda.

■Vehicle Information and Message from Honda Tips
You can check the messages that are received quickly in the shortcut operation.

1. A notification appears and notifies you of a 
new message on the header area.

Notification

2. A notification is continuously displayed in 
the header area until the new message is 
read.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  369 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuHondaLink®Features
3. Select the system status icon to see the 
messages.

4. Select a new message to open.
Continued 369



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  370 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuHondaLink®

1Operator Assistance*

Remain attentive to road conditions and driving 
during operator assistance.

If you want to add or renew a subscription, call the 
Operator Assistance.
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select System.
4. Select Subscription.
5. Select HondaLink Subscription Status.

370

Features
■Operator Assistance*

Connect to the HondaLink® operator when trying to find a destination or for 
roadside assistance.

1. Press the LINK button.
u Connection to the operator begins.

LINK 2. Talk to the operator.
Button u To disconnect, select Hang Up on the 

audio/information screen or press the 
 button on the steering wheel.

Audio/information screen 
when connected to the 
HondaLink® operator.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  371 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuWi-Fi Connection

1Wi-Fi Connection
Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi Direct a registered trademark of Wi-Fi 
Alliance®.

1Wi-Fi mode (setting for the first time)
You cannot go through the setting procedure while a 
vehicle is moving. Park in a safe place to setup the 
Wi-Fi connection.

Some cell phone carriers charge for tethering and 
smartphone data use. Check your phone’s data 
subscription package.

Check your phone manual to find out if the phone 
has Wi-Fi connectivity.

You can confirm whether Wi-Fi connection is on or 
off with the  icon on the Wi-Fi network list. 
Transmission speed and others will not be displayed 
on this screen.

In case of Wi-Fi connection with your phone, make 
sure your phone’s Wi-Fi setting is in access point 
(tethering) mode.

Features
Wi-Fi Connection
You can connect the audio system to the Internet using Wi-Fi and browse websites 
or use online services on the audio/information screen. If your phone has cell 
hotspot capabilities, the system can be tethered to the phone. Use the following 
steps to setup.

■Wi-Fi mode (setting for the first time)
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Connections.
4. Select Wi-Fi.
5. Select Change Mode.
6. Select Network or HotSpot, then Save.
u To change the Wi-Fi settings, select 

Network Options or HotSpot 
Options.

u Select the access point you want to 
connect to the system.

7. Select Connect.
u Enter a password for the access point, 

and select OK.
u When the connection is successful, the 

 icon is displayed on the list.
8. Select  to go back to the home screen.
Continued 371



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  372 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuWi-Fi Connection

1Wi-Fi mode (after the initial setting has been made)
iPhone users

You may need to go through an initial setup for Wi-Fi 
connection again after you boot your phone.

372

Features
■Wi-Fi mode (after the initial setting has been made)
Make sure your phone’s Wi-Fi setting is in access point (tethering) mode.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  373 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAT&T Hotspot*

1AT&T Hotspot*

To use AT&T Hotspot services, your vehicle must be 
subscribed to a data plan. If your vehicle is not 
subscribed to a data plan, you can visit www.att.com/
honda to add vehicle data services.

Hotspot username and password can be changed in 
the Edit Hotspot Properties of the AT&T Hotspot app. 
Settings can not be accessed while driving. Park in a 
safe place to adjust Hotspot settings.

Alternatively, you can use your mobile hotspot to 
connect the vehicle and other mobile devices to the 
Internet.

2 Wi-Fi Connection P. 371

Features
AT&T Hotspot*

If you have subscribed to AT&T hotspot services, your vehicle will provide data to 
connect your mobile devices to the Internet. You can use the AT&T Hotspot app to 
turn on/off vehicle data and monitor data usage left on your subscription.

■AT&T Hotspot Menu

a Hotspot Enable
Turn on/off AT&T Hotspot.
b Data Usage Bar
Check the current status of your data plan. This Usage Bar will show your current 
plan and how much data remains on your plan. Subscription plans for AT&T Hotspot 
can be added/modified at www.att.com/honda.
c Refresh and Plan Info
Refreshes screen to show data remaining.
Shows your current AT&T subscription plan for the vehicle.
d Edit Hotspot Properties
Shows the current username and password for vehicle Hotspot. Hotspot settings can 
be changed while the vehicle is not in motion.
e Help
* Not available on all models 373



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  374 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuSiri Eyes Free

1Siri Eyes Free
Siri is a trademark of Apple Inc.

Check Apple Inc. website for features available for 
Siri.

While driving we recommend only using Siri through 
the  button on the steering wheel (Siri Eyes Free).

1Using Siri Eyes Free
Some commands work only on specific phone 
features or apps.

374

Features
Siri Eyes Free
You can talk to Siri using the  (Talk) button on the steering wheel when your 
iPhone is paired to the Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® (HFL) system.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

■Using Siri Eyes Free

 (Back) Button
Press to deactivate Siri.

Appears when Siri is 
activated in Siri Eyes Free

 (Talk) Button While in Siri Eyes Free:

Press and hold until the display The display remains the same. 
changes as shown. No feedback or commands 

appears.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  375 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuApple CarPlay

1Apple CarPlay
Only iPhone 5 or newer versions with iOS 8.4 or later 
are compatible with Apple CarPlay.

Park in a safe place before connecting your iPhone to 
Apple CarPlay and when launching any compatible 
apps.

To use Apple CarPlay, connect the USB cable to the 
USB port located in the console compartment. Other 
USB ports will not enable Apple CarPlay operation.

2 USB Ports P. 277

While connected to Apple CarPlay, calls are only 
made through Apple CarPlay. If you want to make a 
call with HandsFreeLink, turn Apple CarPlay OFF or 
detach the USB cable from your iPhone.

2 Setting Up Apple CarPlay P. 376

When your iPhone is connected to Apple CarPlay, it is 
not possible to use the Bluetooth® Audio or 
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®. However, other 
previously paired phones can stream audio via 
Bluetooth® while Apple CarPlay is connected.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

For details on countries and regions where Apple 
CarPlay is available, as well as information pertaining 
to function, refer to the Apple homepage.

Features
Apple CarPlay
If you connect an Apple CarPlay-compatible iPhone to the system via the USB port, 
you can use the audio/information screen, instead of the iPhone display, to make a 
phone call, listen to music, view maps (navigation), and access messages.

2 USB Ports P. 277

■Apple CarPlay Menu

Home screen Apple CarPlay menu screen

Select the Honda icon 
Apple CarPlay icon to go back to the 

home screen
Go back to the Apple 
CarPlay menu screen

■ Phone
Access the contact list, make phone calls, or listen to voice mail.

■Messages
Check and reply to text messages, or have messages read to you.

■Music
Play music stored on your iPhone.
Continued 375



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  376 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuApple CarPlay

1Apple CarPlay
Apple CarPlay Operating Requirements & 
Limitations
Apple CarPlay requires a compatible iPhone with an 
active cellular connection and data plan. Your 
carrier’s rate plans will apply.

Changes in operating systems, hardware, software, 
and other technology integral to providing Apple 
CarPlay functionality, as well as new or revised 
governmental regulations, may result in a decrease or 
cessation of Apple CarPlay functionality and services. 
Honda cannot and does not provide any warranty or 
guarantee of future Apple CarPlay performance or 
functionality.

It is possible to use 3rd party apps if they are 
compatible with Apple CarPlay. Refer to the Apple 
homepage for information on compatible apps.

1Setting Up Apple CarPlay
You can also use the method below to set up Apple 
CarPlay:
Select HOME Settings Connections Apple 
CarPlay

Use of user and vehicle information
The use and handling of user and vehicle information 
transmitted to/from your iPhone by Apple CarPlay is 
governed by the Apple iOS terms and conditions and 
Apple’s Privacy Policy.

376

Features
■Maps
Display Apple Maps and use the navigation function just as you would on your 
iPhone.
Models with navigation system

Only one navigation system (pre-installed navigation or Apple CarPlay) can give 
directions at a time. When you are using one system, directions to any prior 
destination set on the other system will be canceled, and the system you are 
currently using will direct you to your destination.

■Setting Up Apple CarPlay
After you have connected your iPhone to the system via the USB port, use the 
following procedure to set up Apple CarPlay. Use of Apple CarPlay will result in the 
transmission of certain user and vehicle information (such as vehicle location, speed, 
and status) to your iPhone to enhance the Apple CarPlay experience. You will need 
to consent to the sharing of this information on the audio/information screen.

■ Enabling Apple CarPlay
Enable: Allows this consent.
Disable: Does not allow this consent.

You may change the consent settings under 
the Connections settings menu.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  377 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuApple CarPlay

1Operating Apple CarPlay with Siri
Below are examples of questions and commands for 
Siri:
• What movies are playing today?
• Call dad at work.
• What song is this?
• How’s the weather tomorrow?
• Read my latest email.
• Find a table for four tonight in Chicago.

For more information, please visit 
www.apple.com/ios/siri.

Features
■Operating Apple CarPlay with Siri
Press and hold the talk button to activate Siri.

 (Talk) button:
Press and hold to activate Siri.
Press again to deactivate Siri.
Press and release to activate standard voice recognition system.
377



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  378 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAndroid Auto

1Android Auto
To use Android Auto, you need to download the 
Android Auto app from Google Play to your 
smartphone.

Only Android 5.0 (Lollipop) or later versions are 
compatible with Android Auto.
Bluetooth A2DP cannot be used while your phone is 
connected to Android Auto.

Park in a safe place before connecting your Android 
phone to Android Auto and when launching any 
compatible apps.

To use Android Auto, connect the USB cable to the 
USB port located in the console compartment. Other 
USB ports will not enable Android Auto operation.

2 USB Ports P. 277

To directly access the Android Auto phone function, 
press Phone on the home screen.

2 Auto Pairing Connection P. 380

When your Android phone is connected to Android 
Auto, it is not possible to use the Bluetooth® Audio. 
However, other previously paired phones can stream 
audio via Bluetooth® while Android Auto is 
connected.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

378

Features
Android Auto
When you connect an Android phone to the audio system via the USB port, Android 
Auto is automatically initiated. When connected via Android Auto, you can use the 
audio/information screen to access the Phone, Google Maps (Navigation), Google 
Play Music, and Google Now functions. When you first use Android Auto, a tutorial 
will appear on the screen.
We recommend that you complete this tutorial while safely parked before using 
Android Auto.

2 USB Ports P. 277
2 Auto Pairing Connection P. 380



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  379 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAndroid Auto

1Android Auto
For details on countries and regions where Android 
Auto is available, as well as information pertaining to 
function, refer to the Android Auto homepage.

Screens may differ depending on the version of the 
Android Auto app you are using.

Android Auto Operating Requirements & 
Limitations
Android Auto requires a compatible Android phone 
with an active cellular connection and data plan. 
Your carrier’s rate plans will apply.

Changes in operating systems, hardware, software, 
and other technology integral to providing Android 
Auto functionality, as well as new or revised 
governmental regulations, may result in a decrease or 
cessation of Android Auto functionality and services. 
Honda cannot and does not provide any warranty or 
guarantee of future Android Auto performance or 
functionality.

It is possible to use 3rd party apps if they are 
compatible with Android Auto. Refer to the Android 
Auto homepage for information on compatible apps.

Features
■Android Auto Menu

6

: Go back to the 
home screen

Android Auto icon

a Maps (Navigation)
Display Google Maps and use the navigation function just as you would with your 
Android phone. When the vehicle is in motion, it is not possible to make keyboard 
entries. Stop the vehicle in a safe location to undertake a search or provide other 
inputs.
Models with navigation system

Only one navigation system (pre-installed navigation or Android Auto) can give 
directions at a time. When you are using one system, directions to any prior 
destination set on the other system will be canceled, and the system you are 
currently using will direct you to your destination.
The audio/information screen shows you turn-by-turn driving directions to your 
destination.
b Phone (Communication)
Make and receive phone calls as well as listen to voicemail.
c Google Now (Home screen)
Display useful information organized by Android Auto into simple cards that appear 
just when they’re needed.
Continued 379



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  380 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAndroid Auto

1Enabling Android Auto
Only initialize Android Auto when you are safely 
parked. When Android Auto first detects your phone, 
you will need to set up your phone so that auto 
pairing is possible. Refer to the instruction manual 
that came with your phone.

You can use the method below to change Android 
Auto settings after you have completed the initial 
setup:
Select HOME Settings Connections Android 
Auto

Use of user and vehicle information
The use and handling of user and vehicle information 
transmitted to/from your phone by Android Auto is 
governed by the Google’s Privacy Policy.

380

Features
d Music and audio
Play Google Play Music and music apps that are compatible with Android Auto.
To switch between music apps, press this icon.
e Go back to the Home Screen.
f Voice
Operate Android Auto with your voice.

■Auto Pairing Connection
When you connect an Android phone to the unit via the USB port, Android Auto is 
automatically initiated.

■ Enabling Android Auto
Enable: Allows this consent.
Disable: Does not allow this consent.

You may change the consent settings under 
the Connections settings menu.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  381 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio System Basic OperationuAndroid Auto

1Operating Android Auto with Voice Recognition
Below are examples of commands you can give with 
voice recognition:
• Reply to text.
• Call my wife.
• Navigate to Honda.
• Play my music.
• Send a text message to my wife.
• Call flower shop.

For more information, please refer to the Android 
Auto homepage.

You can also activate the voice recognition function 
by pressing the  icon in the upper-right corner of 
the screen.

Features
■Operating Android Auto with Voice Recognition
Press and hold the talk button to operate Android Auto with your voice.

 (Talk) button:
Press and hold to operate Android Auto with your voice.
Press and release to activate standard voice recognition system.
381



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  382 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

382

Features
Audio Error Messages
Solution

r and the player needs to be replaced.

ct) button and remove the disc, and check that the 
s cleared.
 disc is not damaged or deformed, and insert the 

 CDs P. 389

system off and allow the player to cool down until 
ge is cleared.
Models with Display Audio

CD Player*

If a disc error occurs, you may see the following error messages.

Error Message Cause

Problem ejecting disc from 
the player. Contact Honda Disc stuck in player • Contact a deale
dealer to fix this problem.

There is a problem with the Focus error
player. Eject and re-insert the Unsupported disc error • Press the  (eje

disc. If this does not work, try Mechanical error error message i

another disc. If the error Servo error • Check that the

continues, contact Honda DRM file access disc again.
2 Protecting

dealer. Error file access

The system has overheated. 
Try to reduce the 
temperature by tuning the • Turn the audio 

High temperature
audio system off and the error messa
allowing the player to cool 
down.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  383 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio Error MessagesuCD Player*Features
Error Message Cause Solution

There is a problem with the 
player. Eject and re-insert the 
disc. If this does not work, try 

Disc error • Check that the disc is not damaged or deformed.
another disc. If this error 2 Protecting CDs P. 389
continues contact Honda 
dealer.

The system has overheated. 
Try to reduce the 
temperature by turning the • Turn the audio system off and allow the player to cool down until 

High temperature
audio system off and the error message is cleared.
allowing the player to cool 
down.
383



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  384 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio Error Messagesu iPod/USB Flash Drive

Solution

th the audio system. Check if the device is 

ce is connected. Disconnect the device. Then turn 
gain. Do not reconnect the device that caused the 

od is connected. If it appears when a supported 
d software to the newer version.
vice is connected. If it appears when a supported 

e device.

384

Features
iPod/USB Flash Drive
If an error occurs while playing an iPod or USB flash drive, you may see the following 
error messages. If you cannot clear the error message, contact a dealer.

Error Message

USB Error*1

Problem reading connected device. See 
Owner’s Manual for a list of compatible 

Appears when there is a problem wi
devices. If device is compatible, try 

compatible with the audio system.
reconnecting device.
If this error remains, contact Honda 
dealer.*2

Bad USB Device*1

Problem reading connected device. See 
Owner’s Manual for a list of compatible Appears when an incompatible devi
devices. If device is compatible, try the audio system off, and turn it on a
reconnecting device. error.
If this error remains, contact Honda 
dealer.*2

Unsupported Ver*1

Problem reading connected device. See 
• Appears when an unsupported iP

Owner’s Manual for a list of compatible 
iPod is connected, update the iPo

devices. If device is compatible, try 
• Appears when an unsupported de

reconnecting device.
device is connected, reconnect th

If this error remains, contact Honda 
dealer.*2

*1:Models with color audio system
*2:Models with Display Audio



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  385 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio Error Messagesu iPod/USB Flash DriveFeatures
Error Message Solution

Problem reading connected device. See 
Owner’s Manual for a list of compatible 
devices. If device is compatible, try 

Appears when the system does not acknowledge the iPod. Reconnect the iPod.
reconnecting device.
If this error remains, contact Honda 
dealer.*2

Unplayable File*1
Appears when the files in the USB flash drive are DRM or an unsupported format. This 

The selected file cannot be played on this 
error message appears for about three seconds, then plays the next song.

system*2

iPod

No Data*1 Appears when the iPod is empty.
The connected device does not contain any USB flash drive
files that can be played on this system. See Appears when the USB flash drive is empty or there are no MP3, WMA, or AAC files in 
Owner’s Manual for a list of compatible file the USB flash drive.
types.*2

iPod and USB flash drive
Check that compatible files are stored on the device.

*1:Models with color audio system
*2:Models with Display Audio
385



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  386 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAudio Error MessagesuAndroid/Apps

on

n to close the app.

little longer. If it does not respond even if you keep 
e error message continues, perform Factory Data 

386

Features
Models with Display Audio

Android/Apps
If an error occurs while using the audio system or apps, you may see the following 
error messages. If you cannot clear the error message, contact a dealer.

Error Message Soluti

Unfortunately, **** has 
stopped.*1 Error has occurred within app, select OK on the scree

App is not responding.
**** is not responding. Select Wait if you can wait for a response from app a 
Would you like to close waiting, select OK to close the app and start it up. If th
it?*1 Reset.

2 Defaulting All the Settings P. 483

*1:****part is variable characters, and will change depending upon where an error 
occurs.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  387 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
General Information on the Audio System
1Subscribing to SiriusXM® Radio
Contact Information for SiriusXM® Radio:
• US: SiriusXM® Radio at www.siriusxm.com or 1-

800-852-9696
• Canada: SiriusXM® Canada at www.siriusxm.ca, or 

1-877-209-0079

1Receiving SiriusXM® Radio
The SiriusXM® satellites are in orbit over the equator; 
therefore, objects south of the vehicle may cause 
satellite reception interruptions. Satellite signals are 
more likely to be blocked by tall buildings and 
mountains the farther north you travel from the 
equator.

You may experience reception problems under the 
following circumstances:
• In a location with an obstruction to the south of 

your vehicle.
• In tunnels
• On the lower level of a multi-tiered road
• Large items carried on the roof rack

Features
Models with Display Audio

SiriusXM® Radio Service*

■Subscribing to SiriusXM® Radio
1. You need your radio ID ready before registering for subscription. To see the ID in 

the screen, select Channel to 0.
2. Have your radio ID ready, and either call or visit the SiriusXM® website to 

subscribe.

■Receiving SiriusXM® Radio
Switch to the SiriusXM® mode by using the audio remote controls on the steering 
wheel, or through the audio/information screen, and stay in this mode for about 30 
minutes until the service is activated. Make sure your vehicle is in an open area with 
good reception.

■SiriusXM® Radio Display Messages
Channel not subscribed. Call SiriusXM to subscribe.:
You are not subscribed to the channel selected.
Subscription updated:
SiriusXM® radio is receiving information update from the network.
Channel Not Available:
No such channel exits, or the artist or title information is unavailable.
No Signal:
The signal is too weak in the current location.
Check Tuner:
There is a problem with the SiriusXM® tuner. Contact a dealer.
Check Antenna:
There is a problem with the SiriusXM® antenna. Contact a dealer.
* Not available on all models 387



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  388 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuRecommended CDs*

1Recommended CDs*

A Dual-disc cannot play on this audio unit. If recorded 
under certain conditions, a CD-R or CD-RW may not 
play either.

388

Features
Models with Display Audio

Recommended CDs*

• Use only high-quality CD-R or CD-RW discs labeled for audio use.
• Use only CD-R or CD-RW discs on which the recordings are closed.
• Play only standard round-shaped CDs.

The CD packages or jackets should have one of these marks.

■CDs with MP3, WMA or AAC files
• Some software files may not allow for audio play or text data display.
• Some versions of MP3, WMA or AAC formats may be unsupported.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  389 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuRecommended CDs*

1Protecting CDs

NOTICE
Do not insert a damaged CD. It may be stuck inside 
and damage the audio unit.

Examples:
● Bubbled, wrinkled, labeled, and 

excessively thick CDs

Bubbled/ With Label/ Using 
Wrinkled Sticker Printer Label 

Kit

Sealed With Plastic Ring
● Damaged CDs ● Poor quality 

CDs

Chipped/ Warped Burrs
Cracked

● Small CDs

3-inch 
(8-cm) 
CD

Features
■ Protecting CDs
Follow these precautions when handling or storing CDs:
• Store a CD in its case when it is not being played.
• When wiping a CD, use a soft clean cloth from the center to the outside edge.
• Handle a CD by its edge. Never touch either surface.
• Never insert foreign objects into the CD player.
• Keep CDs out of direct sunlight and extreme heat.
• Do not place stabilizer rings or labels on the CD.
• Avoid fingerprints, liquids, and felt-tip pens on the CD.
389



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  390 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuCompatible iPod, iPad, iPhone, and USB Flash Drives

1iPod, iPad, and iPhone Model Compatibility
This system may not work with all software versions 
of these devices.

1USB Flash Drives
Files on the USB flash drive are played in their stored 
order. This order may be different from the order 
displayed on your PC or device.

390

Features
Compatible iPod, iPad, iPhone, and USB Flash Drives
■ iPod, iPad, and iPhone Model Compatibility

Model
iPod (5th generation)
iPod classic 80GB/160GB (launch in 2007)
iPod classic 120GB (launch in 2008)
iPod classic 160GB (launch in 2009)
iPod nano (1st to 7th generation*) released between 2005 and 2012
iPod touch (1st to 5th generation*) released between 2007 and 2012
iPhone*1/iPhone 3G/iPhone 3GS/iPhone 4/iPhone 4s/iPhone 5*1/iPhone 5c/iPhone 
5s/iPhone 6/iPhone 6 Plus
iPad*1/iPad 2*1/iPad (3rd generation)*1/iPad (4th generation)*1

iPad Air*1/iPad Air 2*1

iPad mini*1/iPad mini 2*1/iPad mini 3*1

■USB Flash Drives
• A USB flash drive of 256 MB or higher is recommended.
• Some digital audio players may not be compatible.
• Some USB flash drives (e.g., a device with security lockout) may not work.
• Some software files may not allow for audio play or text data display.
• Some versions of MP3, WMA, or AAC formats may be unsupported.

*1: Models with Display Audio
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  391 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement
Honda App License Agreement
Features
■END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THIS “AGREEMENT”) WHICH GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE 
INSTALLED ON YOUR HONDA OR ACURA VEHICLE (YOUR “VEHICLE”) AS WELL AS THE APPLICATIONS, SERVICES, FUNCTIONS, AND 
CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THE SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SERVICES”). YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL 
SERVE AS YOUR CONSENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE SOFTWARE IS OWNED (OR LICENSED), PROVIDED, AND/OR 
OPERATED BY AMERICAN HONDA MOTOR CO. INC., (“HONDA,” “US,” “WE,” OR “OUR”), WITH ITS BUSINESS ADDRESS AT 1919 
TORRANCE BLVD., TORRANCE, CA 90501. REFERENCE TO “HONDA” IN THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES HONDA’S PARENT COMPANY AND 
ITS AFFILIATES AND DESIGNATED AGENTS. THE SERVICES ARE OWNED (OR LICENSED), PROVIDED, AND/OR OPERATED BY HONDA OR A 
THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER (A “PROVIDER”). REFERENCE TO A “PROVIDER” IN THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDES SUCH PROVIDER’S 
PARENT COMPANY, AFFILIATES, AND DESIGNATED AGENTS.

A. Description of the Software. The SOFTWARE includes the software, firmware and the like, installed and executing on your VEHICLE 
during manufacture, and thereafter updated from time to time by HONDA, you or an authorized HONDA dealer (a “DEALER”). The 
SOFTWARE allows you to access and use a variety of SERVICES, including but not limited to: (a) HONDA applications, services, and content 
provided through the SOFTWARE (together, “HONDA SERVICES”); and (b) PROVIDER applications, services, and content provided through 
the SOFTWARE (together, “PROVIDER SERVICES”), each of which may provide access to various information, media, content, and services.

B. SOFTWARE Licensing and Intellectual Property.
1. SOFTWARE. This AGREEMENT grants you a non-exclusive, limited, and revocable license to use the SOFTWARE and SERVICES solely (a) 
as installed on your VEHICLE by HONDA, (b) as updated on your Vehicle by HONDA, you (but only as and when directed by HONDA), or a 
DEALER and (c) as permitted under the terms of this AGREEMENT.

2. HONDA Services. The SOFTWARE may provide you with access to various HONDA SERVICES. Installation, activation, or use of HONDA 
SERVICES may require your consent to additional terms, conditions, and privacy policies applicable to those HONDA SERVICES (the 
“HONDA TERMS”). You acknowledge and agree that any collection, use, sharing of data generated by your VEHICLE or your use of your 
VEHICLE, and your use of the HONDA SERVICES shall be subject to this AGREEMENT and any additional HONDA TERMS that may be 
specifically applicable to such HONDA SERVICES or data generation. The HONDA SERVICES may collect, use, and share such data while 
you are using the SOFTWARE.
Continued 391



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  392 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

392

Features
3. Open-Source Software. The SOFTWARE and SERVICES may incorporate software licensed to HONDA under free or open-source 
licenses which govern HONDA’s distribution and your use of such software. HONDA and the third-party authors, licensors, and distributors 
of such software disclaim all warranties and all liability arising from any and all use or distribution of the software. To the extent such 
software is provided under terms that differ from the applicable free or open-source licenses, those terms are offered by HONDA alone. 
Additional information regarding free and open-source software incorporated in the SOFTWARE and SERVICES is available in this manual 
or within the SOFTWARE.

4. Provider Services. The SOFTWARE may provide you with access to various PROVIDER SERVICES. Installation or use of such PROVIDER 
SERVICES may require your consent to additional terms, conditions, and privacy policies of the applicable PROVIDER (the “PROVIDER 
TERMS”). This AGREEMENT restricts the manner in which you can install and use PROVIDER SERVICES but does not grant you a license or 
permission to use such PROVIDER SERVICES. Your permission to use PROVIDER SERVICES is limited and subject to any license grants, 
conditions, and limitations included in the PROVIDER TERMS. You acknowledge that any collection, use, sharing of your information, 
targeted advertising practices by PROVIDERS, and your use of the PROVIDER SERVICES shall be subject to both this AGREEMENT and any 
applicable PROVIDER TERMS. The PROVIDER SERVICES may collect, use, and share such information while you are using the SOFTWARE.

5. License Limitations and Restrictions on Use.
(a) Limited License. You understand and agree that the SOFTWARE and SERVICES are licensed, not sold, to you solely for use in accordance 
with this AGREEMENT and any applicable PROVIDER TERMS, and any documentation for the VEHICLE made available to you by HONDA 
(any “DOCUMENTATION”). HONDA and its licensors reserve all rights in the SOFTWARE and HONDA SERVICES not expressly granted to 
you under this AGREEMENT. PROVIDERS and their licensors reserve all rights in the PROVIDER SERVICES not expressly granted to you under 
the applicable PROVIDER TERMS.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  393 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License AgreementFeatures
(b) Restrictions on Use. The licenses granted under this AGREEMENT do not permit you to use the SOFTWARE or SERVICES on a device 
other than your VEHICLE. As a condition of using the SOFTWARE and SERVICES, you agree that you may not and will not:

(1) copy, download, distribute, modify, publish, sell, rent, lease, lend, license, sublicense, reuse, or create derivative works of the 
SOFTWARE or SERVICES or any of the content or other material within the SOFTWARE or SERVICES, including without limitation, 
HONDA or PROVIDER names, logos, or any other trademarks of HONDA or PROVIDERS or used in association with the SOFTWARE or 
any SERVICES, except as required to use the SOFTWARE or SERVICES in accordance with this AGREEMENT, any applicable PROVIDER 
TERMS, and the DOCUMENTATION;
(2) access or use the SOFTWARE or SERVICES in any manner intended to damage or impair the operation of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES 
or interfere with anyone else’s use and enjoyment of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES;
(3) access or attempt to access any system or server on which the SOFTWARE or SERVICES is hosted or modify or alter the SOFTWARE 
or SERVICES in any way;
(4) use the SOFTWARE or SERVICES for any unlawful purpose, or in violation of any third party rights;
(5) use the SOFTWARE or SERVICES in violation of any applicable traffic regulations, rules or laws, including but not limited to any driver 
distraction laws, rules or regulations;
(6) violate the terms of this AGREEMENT, any HONDA TERMS, any PROVIDER TERMS or other applicable third-party terms, conditions, 
and privacy policies; or
(7) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, nor permit others to reverse engineer, decompile, 
or disassemble, or attempt to derive the source code of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES, except and only to the extent that such activity is 
expressly permitted (a) by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation or (b) the terms of applicable free or opensource software 
licenses.

6. Intellectual Property Rights. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the SOFTWARE and SERVICES, the accompanying 
DOCUMENTATION, and all copies of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES are owned by HONDA, PROVIDERS, or their suppliers or licensors. This 
AGREEMENT does not grant you any rights in connection with any trademarks or service marks of HONDA, PROVIDERS, or their licensors, 
affiliates, or suppliers.
Continued 393



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  394 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

394

Features
7. Export Restrictions: You acknowledge that the SOFTWARE and SERVICES are subject to U.S., European Union, and other export 
jurisdictions. You agree to comply with all applicable international and national laws that apply to the SOFTWARE and SERVICES, including 
the U.S. Export Administration Regulations, as well as end-user, end-use, and destination restrictions issued by the U.S. and other 
governments.

C. SOFTWARE Operation
1. HONDA reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to and use of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES if you are found to be in 
violation of this AGREEMENT or as reasonably deemed necessary by HONDA.

2. Eligibility/Registration/Activation. The SOFTWARE is intended for and available to individuals who (a) are of legal age of majority in their 
jurisdiction of residence (and at least 18 years of age), or are younger than 18 years of age and possess a valid driver’s license issued by 
their jurisdiction of residence, and (b) own or have permissive access to a compatible VEHICLE. We do not knowingly collect any 
information, including personal information, from children under 13. If we learn or are notified that we have collected personal 
information of a child under 13, we will immediately take steps to delete such information.

3. Use of PROVIDER SERVICES through the SOFTWARE. Certain PROVIDER SERVICES made available through the SOFTWARE may require 
that you register or otherwise have an account with the PROVIDER and agree to PROVIDER TERMS. Any use of any of such PROVIDER 
SERVICES within the SOFTWARE is subject to this AGREEMENT and the applicable PROVIDER TERMS. HONDA does not exercise control 
over such PROVIDER SERVICES and is not responsible or liable for the availability, security, or content of such PROVIDER SERVICES, and the 
inclusion of any PROVIDER SERVICES does not imply a referral from, the approval of, or the endorsement by HONDA of such PROVIDER 
SERVICES. HONDA is not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage relating to or resulting from your use of the PROVIDER 
SERVICES.

4. Links to Third Party Sites: The SOFTWARE may provide you with the ability to access third-party sites and content through the use of the 
SOFTWARE or SERVICES. The third-party sites and content are not under the control of HONDA. HONDA is not responsible or liable, 
directly or indirectly, for such third-party websites and their content or for any damage relating to or resulting from your access or use of 
such websites and content.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  395 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License AgreementFeatures
5. Unauthorized Use and Abuse. You are responsible for ensuring your (and any authorized third parties’) use of the SOFTWARE and 
SERVICES remains in compliance with this AGREEMENT and all other applicable HONDA TERMS and PROVIDER TERMS. You acknowledge 
and agree that any use of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES occurring through your VEHICLE will be deemed your actions and that HONDA and 
PROVIDERS may rely upon such actions. You agree to immediately notify us if you suspect fraudulent or abusive activity involving the 
SOFTWARE or SERVICES. If you so notify us or if we otherwise suspect fraudulent or abusive activity, you agree to cooperate with us in any 
fraud investigation and to use any fraud prevention measures we prescribe. Your failure to immediately notify us or cooperate to use such 
measures will result in your liability for all fraudulent usage or abusive activity associated with your VEHICLE.

6. SOFTWARE Updates. The SOFTWARE and SERVICES may be updated when your VEHICLE is serviced by a DEALER or remotely, over-the-
air, by HONDA from time to time; such updates may occur with or without further notice or your future consent. The SOFTWARE may be 
updated at HONDA’s discretion and for any purpose including, without limitation, to patch or otherwise improve the SOFTWARE or 
SERVICES functionality, security, or stability. All updates to the SOFTWARE and SERVICES are subject to this AGREEMENT and any other 
applicable HONDA TERMS and PROVIDER TERMS.

7. Uninstalling, Removing, and Replacing the SOFTWARE. Replacing SOFTWARE or HONDA SERVICES with software or firmware not 
provided and installed by HONDA or a DEALER will render all representations and warranties for the SOFTWARE, HONDA SERVICES, and 
VEHICLE functionality reliant upon the SOFTWARE or HONDA SERVICES null and void.

D. SOFTWARE Operational Notices and Warnings
1. Vehicle Geolocation Information. You acknowledge that your VEHICLE may be equipped with certain traffic and map features. The 
traffic feature will automatically collect and transmit, through GPS technology, your Vehicle’s current location (longitude and latitude), 
travel direction and speed (“VEHICLE GEOLOCATION INFORMATION”) to HONDA and PROVIDERS. The VEHICLE GEOLOCATION 
INFORMATION is used by HONDA and PROVIDERS to provide traffic and navigation-related information to you, but may also be used to 
provide other SERVICES or offers to you. HONDA will not use such VEHICLE GEOLOCATION INFORMATION for its own marketing efforts, 
or provide such information to unaffiliated third parties for their own purposes, without your express consent.
Continued 395



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  396 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

396

Features
2. Potential Map Inaccuracy and Route Safety. Maps used by this system may be inaccurate because of changes in roads, traffic controls, 
routing, or driving conditions. Always use good judgment and common sense when following suggested routes. Do not follow the route 
suggestions if doing so would result in an unsafe or illegal driving maneuver, if you would be placed in an unsafe situation, or if you would 
be directed into an area that you consider unsafe. Do not rely on any navigation features included in the system to route you to emergency 
services. Not all emergency services such as police, fire stations, hospitals, or clinics are likely to be contained in the map database for such 
navigation features. Ask local authorities or an emergency services operator for such locations and routes. The driver is ultimately 
responsible for the safe operation of the vehicle and therefore, must evaluate whether it is safe to follow the suggested directions. Any 
navigation features are provided only as an aid. Make your driving decisions based on your observations of local conditions and existing 
traffic regulations. Navigation features are not a substitute for your personal judgment. Any route suggestions made by the SOFTWARE or 
SERVICES should never replace any local traffic regulations or your personal judgment or knowledge of safe driving practices.

3. Speech Recognition: You acknowledge and understand that HONDA and PROVIDERS may record, retain, and use voices commands 
when you use the speech recognition components of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. You and all VEHICLE operators and passengers (a) 
consent to the recording and retention of voice commands in support of providing speech recognition components and (b) release HONDA 
and PROVIDERS from all claims, liabilities, and losses that may result from any use of such recorded voice commands. Recognition errors 
are inherent in speech recognition. It is your responsibility to monitor any speech recognition functions included in the system and address 
any errors. Neither HONDA nor PROVIDERS will be liable for any damages arising out of errors in the speech recognition process.

4. Distraction Hazards. Navigation features may require manual (non-verbal) input or setup. Attempting to perform such set-up or insert 
data while driving can seriously distract your attention and could cause a crash or other serious consequences; the ability to undertake such 
interactions may also be limited by state or local law, which laws you are responsible to know and follow. Even occasional short scans of 
the screen may be hazardous if your attention has been diverted away from your driving at a critical time. Pull over and stop the vehicle in 
a safe and legal manner before attempting to access a function of the system requiring prolonged attention. Do not raise the volume 
excessively. Keep the volume at a level where you can still hear outside traffic and emergency signals while driving. Driving while unable 
to hear these sounds could result in a crash.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  397 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License AgreementFeatures
E. Information Collection and Storage
1. Information Collection, Use, Transmission and Storage of Data. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that HONDA and PROVIDERS may 
collect and use your information gathered in any manner as part of product support services related to the SOFTWARE or related services. 
HONDA may share such information with third parties, including, without limitation, PROVIDERS, third party software and services 
suppliers, their affiliates and/or their designated agents, solely to improve their products or to provide services or technologies to you. 
HONDA, third party software and systems suppliers, their affiliates and/or their designated agent may disclose this information to others, 
but not in a form that personally identifies you.

2. Information Storage. Depending on the type of multimedia system you have in your VEHICLE, certain information may be stored for ease 
of use of the SOFTWARE including, without limitation, search history, location history in certain applications, previous and saved 
destinations, map locations within certain applications, and device numbers and contact information.

(a) Vehicle Health Information. Your VEHICLE may remotely transmit information regarding the status and health of your VEHICLE 
(“VEHICLE INFORMATION”) to HONDA without notification to you. VEHICLE INFORMATION may contain VEHICLE maintenance and 
malfunction status that is derived from VEHICLE diagnostic data and includes, but is not limited to, status of powered doors and windows, 
battery life data, battery charging data, VEHICLE speed, coolant temperature, air compressor revolution, output power, warning codes, 
diagnostic trouble codes, fuel injection volume, and engine rotations per minute. VEHICLE HEALTH INFORMATION may be used by HONDA 
for research and development, to deliver HONDA SERVICES and information to you, and to contact you, and is retained only for a period 
of time necessary to fulfill these goals.

(b) VEHICLE Geolocation Data (non-navigation/map based). If you opt-in to geolocation-based SERVICES, your vehicle’s geolocation data 
(latitude and longitude) will be automatically sent from your VEHICLE to HONDA and PROVIDERS.

(c) You understand that the inputting or uploading of information to your VEHICLE’s multimedia system or the SOFTWARE or SERVICES is 
at your own risk and that HONDA is not responsible for unauthorized access to or use of any personal or other information. All information 
uploaded to the SOFTWARE and SERVICES may be stored on your VEHICLES’s multimedia system and you understand that the security and 
safety of your VEHICLE’s multimedia system is your sole responsibility.
Continued 397



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  398 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

398

Features
F. NO WARRANTY. You understand and agree that your use of the SOFTWARE and SERVICES are solely at your own risk and that you 
will be solely responsible for any damage to your VEHICLE’s multimedia system or any other equipment or any loss of data that may result 
from your use of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS 
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES 
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. HONDA makes no warranties that the 
SOFTWARE or SERVICES will meet your requirements, or that the SOFTWARE or SERVICES will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, non-
infringing or error free. You understand and agree that you are responsible for any and all charges, costs or expenses associated with your 
use of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. Advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through the SOFTWARE 
or SERVICES are provided for informational purposes only and will not create any warranty not expressly made herein. You should not rely 
on any such information or advice. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. We 
do not make any warranty or representation that your use of the material displayed on, or obtained through, the SOFTWARE or SERVICES 
is non-infringing of any rights of any third party. Any decision or action taken by you on the basis of information or content provided via 
the application is at your sole discretion and risk. HONDA and PROVIDERS are not responsible or liable for any such decision, or for the 
accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or availability of any content or information displayed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via 
the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. To the extent jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, some of the above exclusions may 
not apply to you.

G. LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY. You and HONDA are each waiving important rights.
1. Limitations on YOUR liability. HONDA cannot recover from you any consequential, indirect, incidental, or special damages, or attorney’s 
fees in connection with your use of the SOFTWARE or HONDA SERVICES. HONDA WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW 
ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES OTHER THAN DIRECT, COMPENSATORY DAMAGES AS LIMITED IN THIS AGREEMENT.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  399 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License AgreementFeatures
2. Limitation on HONDA and PROVIDER liability. Neither HONDA nor PROVIDERS will be liable to you or any other party for consequential, 
indirect, incidental, special, or punitive damages (including without limitation lost profits) in connection with your use of the SOFTWARE 
or SERVICES, even if HONDA or PROVIDERS are aware of the possibility of such damages. These limitations apply to all claims, including, 
without limitation, claims in contract and tort (such as negligence, product liability and strict liability). To the extent that a jurisdiction does 
not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability as set forth herein our liability is limited to the maximum extent permitted by law in such 
states. If HONDA or PROVIDERS are found liable to you for any reason, you agree that the aggregate liability of all these parties to you for 
any claim is limited to ten U.S. dollars (US $10.00). Neither HONDA nor any PROVIDER would have agreed to provide the SOFTWARE or 
SERVICES to you if you did not agree to this limitation. This amount is the sole and exclusive liability of HONDA and PROVIDERS to you, 
and is payable as liquidated damages and not as a penalty. Except where prohibited by law, you may not bring any claim against HONDA 
or any third-party beneficiary more than two (2) years after the claim arises. We do not have any liability for SOFTWARE or SERVICES 
interruptions of any length.

(a) Release of HONDA and PROVIDERS For yourself and anyone else claiming under you, you agree to release and discharge HONDA, 
PROVIDERS, their respective officers, directors, and employees, and each third-party beneficiary from all claims, liabilities and losses in 
connection with the SOFTWARE or SERVICES, including, but not limited to claims for personal injury or property damage arising from the 
total or partial failure of performance of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES, even if caused by or based upon the negligence, gross negligence, 
strict products liability, Deceptive Trade Practices Act violations, bad faith, or breach of warranty of us or the malfunction of the SOFTWARE 
or SOFTWARE SERVICES. YOU AGREE TO WAIVE TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, ANY CLAIM FOR DAMAGES OTHER THAN 
DIRECT, COMPENSATORY DAMAGES AS LIMITED IN THIS AGREEMENT. YOU HEREBY RELEASE AND DISCHARGE HONDA AND ITS 
LICENSORS AND CONTRACTORS (INCLUDING ANY THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING ALL OR PART OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES) FROM AND 
AGAINST ANY CLAIMS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES AND LIABILITY ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO ANY INJURIES, DAMAGES, OR LOSSES TO 
ANY PERSON (INCLUDING DEATH) OR PROPERTY OF ANY KIND RESULTING IN WHOLE OR PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM YOUR 
USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES.

H. Survival. You agree that the limitations of liability and indemnities in this AGREEMENT will survive even after the AGREEMENT has 
ended. These limitations of liability apply not only to you, but to anyone using the SOFTWARE or SERVICES via your VEHICLE, to anyone 
making a claim on your behalf, and to any claims made by your family, employees, customers, or others arising out of or relating to your 
VEHICLE, the SOFTWARE, or SERVICES.
Continued 399



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  400 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

400

Features
I. Availability/Interruption. The SOFTWARE and certain SERVICES are made available through your VEHICLE’s compatible multimedia 
system when the VEHICLE is turned on. Certain SERVICES may be available only through your compatible mobile device when it is within 
the operating range of the VEHICLE and a wireless carrier. The availability of the SOFTWARE and SERVICES may be subject to transmission 
limitation or interruption, including but not limited to technical obsolesce or sunsetting of the hardware, software or firmware, inside of 
or external to the Vehicle, required for data transmission or receipt. HONDA does not guarantee that the SOFTWARE, SERVICES, or any 
portion thereof will be available at all times or in all areas. You acknowledge and agree that HONDA is not responsible for performance 
degradation, interruption or delays. You acknowledge that HONDA shall not be liable to you if the SOFTWARE or SERVICES in a given 
location are not available. If the SOFTWARE or SERVICES are not available within your intended location, you agree that your sole remedy 
shall be to cease using the SOFTWARE and SERVICES.

J. PRODUCT SUPPORT: Product support for the SOFTWARE is provided by HONDA. For product support, please refer to HONDA 
instructions provided in the DOCUMENTATION. Should you have any questions concerning this AGREEMENT, or if you desire to contact 
HONDA for any other reason, please refer to the HONDA contact information provided in the DOCUMENTATION.

K. Termination and Transfer.
1. Termination. This AGREEMENT is effective until terminated by you or US. WE may terminate this AGREEMENT for any or no reason, 
and with or without notice to you. Your rights under this AGREEMENT will terminate automatically without notice from US if you fail to 
comply with any term of this AGREEMENT. Upon termination of this AGREEMENT, you shall cease all use of the SOFTWARE and SERVICES.

2. Transfer: You may permanently transfer your rights under this AGREEMENT only as part of a sale or transfer of the VEHICLE, provided 
you retain no copies, you transfer all of the SOFTWARE and HONDA SERVICES (including all component parts, the media and printed 
materials, and any upgrades), and the recipient agrees to the terms of this AGREEMENT. You agree to notify HONDA upon the sale or 
transfer of the VEHICLE. To contact HONDA, please refer to the HONDA contact information provided in the DOCUMENTATION.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  401 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License AgreementFeatures
L. Changes to the SOFTWARE or SERVICES. WE may change, modify, or update the SOFTWARE or SERVICES from time to time. Unless 
explicitly stated otherwise, any new features or services that augment or enhance the SOFTWARE or SERVICES in the future shall 
respectively be considered part of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES and subject to this AGREEMENT. WE reserve the right at any time and from 
time to time to interrupt, restrict, modify, suspend, discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the SOFTWARE or SERVICES (or any portion 
thereof), with or without notice to you, and you agree that HONDA shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, 
suspension or discontinuance of the SOFTWARE or SERVICES.

M. ARBITRATION:
PLEASE READ THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM THAT YOU 
MAY HAVE IN THE FUTURE MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU WAIVE THE RIGHT TO HAVE YOUR DISPUTE 
HEARD IN COURT AND WAIVE THE RIGHT TO BRING CLASS CLAIMS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT DISCOVERY AND APPEAL RIGHTS ARE 
MORE LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
Arbitration is a method of resolving a claim, dispute or controversy without filing a lawsuit. By agreeing to arbitrate, the right to go to 
court is waived and instead claims, disputes or controversies are submitted to binding arbitration. This provision sets forth the terms and 
conditions of our agreement. YOU and HONDA agree and acknowledge that this Agreement affects interstate commerce and the 
Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) applies. By using the Software, Vehicle, or Services, YOU elect to have disputes resolved by arbitration. 
YOU, HONDA or any involved third party may pursue a Claim. “Claim” means any dispute between YOU, HONDA, or any involved third 
party relating to your use of the Software, the Vehicle, or the Services, this Agreement, or our relationship, including any 
representations, omissions or warranties. “Claim” does not include personal injury or wrongful death claims. YOU or HONDA may seek 
remedies in small claims court or provisional judicial remedies without arbitrating. In addition, notwithstanding anything herein to the 
contrary, YOU or HONDA may seek equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.
YOU or HONDA may select arbitration with American Arbitration Association, JAMS or National Arbitration and Mediation. Contact 
these sponsors for their rules. The hearing will be in the federal district where YOU reside. If agreed, it may be by telephone or written 
submissions. Filing and arbitrator fees to be paid per the sponsor rules. You may contact the sponsor for a fee waiver. If no fee waivers, 
HONDA will pay filing and arbitrator fees up to $5,000, unless law requires more. Each party is responsible for other fees. Arbitrator 
may award costs or fees to prevailing party, if permitted by law. HONDA will not seek fees, unless the claims are frivolous.
Continued 401



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  402 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuHonda App License Agreement

402

Features
Arbitrator shall be an attorney or current or retired judge familiar with automotive or consumer software. The arbitrator shall follow 
substantive law, statute of limitations and decide all issues relating to the interpretation, construction, enforceability and applicability of 
this provision. The arbitrator may order relief permitted by law. This provision is governed and enforceable by the FAA. An award shall 
include a written opinion and be final, subject to appeal by the FAA.
This provision survives termination of this Agreement or relationship, bankruptcy, assignment or transfer. If part of this provision is 
unenforceable, the remainder remains in effect. If unenforceability allows arbitration as a class action, then this provision is entirely 
unenforceable. YOU may opt out within 30 days of your initial use of the Software by sending a signed, written notice to HONDA at 
Honda Financial Services, P.O. Box 165007, Irving, TX 75016. HONDA reserves the right to make changes to this provision after 
providing written notice and an opportunity to opt out.

N. Miscellaneous: You may not assign this AGREEMENT without HONDA’s prior written consent. This AGREEMENT and any additional 
HONDA TERMS and PROVIDER TERMS represents the entire agreement between you and US. HONDA may amend the terms of this 
AGREEMENT by providing you with notices of such updated terms. If you do not consent to be bound by the updated terms, your sole 
remedy will be to cease using the SOFTWARE and SERVICES. If any part of this AGREEMENT is found invalid, void, or unenforceable, the 
balance of the AGREEMENT will remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. To the fullest extent permitted by law, and except as 
explicitly provided otherwise, this AGREEMENT and any disputes arising out of or relating to it will be governed by the laws of the State of 
California, except that California laws concerning choice of law or conflicts shall not apply if they would cause the substantive law of 
another jurisdiction to apply. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Section M shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act and the laws of 
the State of California, as applicable, as set forth therein. The failure to enforce any term of this AGREEMENT on one occasion shall not 
prevent enforcement on any other occasion or the enforcement of any other term. Headings and captions shall not be considered included 
for purposes of interpretation or application hereof, but are for convenience only.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  403 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLegal Information on Apple CarPlay/Android Auto
Models with Display Audio

Legal Information on Apple CarPlay/Android Auto
Features
■OWNER’S MANUAL LICENSE/LIABILITY STATEMENTS
USE OF APPLE CARPLAY IS SUBJECT TO YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE CARPLAY TERMS OF USE, WHICH ARE INCLUDED AS PART OF THE 
APPLE iOS TERMS OF USE. IN SUMMARY, THE CARPLAY TERMS OF USE DISCLAIM APPLE AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS’ LIABILITY IF THE 
SERVICES FAIL TO PERFORM CORRECTLY OR ARE DISCONTINUED, STRICTLY LIMIT APPLE AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS’ OTHER 
LIABILITIES, DESCRIBE THE KINDS OF USER INFORMATION (INCLUDING, FOR EXAMPLE, VEHICLE LOCATION, VEHICLE SPEED, AND 
VEHICLE STATUS) BEING GATHERED AND STORED BY APPLE AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND DISCLOSE CERTAIN POSSIBLE RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF CARPLAY, INCLUDING THE POTENTIAL FOR DRIVER DISTRACTION. SEE APPLE’S PRIVACY POLICY FOR 
DETAILS REGARDING APPLE’S USE AND HANDLING OF DATA UPLOADED BY CARPLAY.

USE OF ANDROID AUTO IS SUBJECT TO YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE ANDROID AUTO TERMS OF USE WHICH MUST BE AGREED TO WHEN 
THE ANDROID AUTO APPLICATION IS DOWNLOADED TO YOUR ANDROID PHONE. IN SUMMARY, THE ANDROID AUTO TERMS OF USE 
DISCLAIM GOOGLE AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS’ LIABILITY IF THE SERVICES FAIL TO PERFORM CORRECTLY OR ARE DISCONTINUED, 
STRICTLY LIMIT GOOGLE AND ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS’ OTHER LIABILITIES, DESCRIBE THE KINDS OF USER INFORMATION (INCLUDING, 
FOR EXAMPLE, VEHICLE LOCATION, VEHICLE SPEED, AND VEHICLE STATUS) BEING GATHERED AND STORED BY GOOGLE AND ITS 
SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND DISCLOSE CERTAIN POSSIBLE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF ANDROID AUTO, INCLUDING THE 
POTENTIAL FOR DRIVER DISTRACTION. SEE GOOGLE’S PRIVACY POLICY FOR DETAILS REGARDING GOOGLE’S USE AND HANDLING OF 
DATA UPLOADED BY ANDROID AUTO.
Continued 403



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  404 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLegal Information on Apple CarPlay/Android Auto

404

Features
■DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY
YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT USE OF APPLE CARPLAY OR ANDROID AUTO (“THE APPLICATIONS”) IS AT YOUR 
SOLE RISK AND THAT THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, AND THAT THE APPLICATIONS AND INFORMATION ON THE APPLICATIONS IS 
PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE,” WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND HONDA HEREBY 
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO THE APPLICATIONS AND INFORMATION ON THE APPLICATIONS, 
EITHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF 
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY HONDA OR AN AUTHORIZED 
REPRESENTATIVE SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY. AS EXAMPLES, AND WITHOUT LIMITATION, HONDA DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY 
REGARDING THE ACCURACY OF DATA PROVIDED BY THE APPLICATIONS, SUCH AS THE ACCURACY OF DIRECTIONS, ESTIMATED 
TRAVEL TIME, SPEED LIMITS, ROAD CONDITIONS, NEWS, WEATHER, TRAFFIC, OR OTHER CONTENT PROVIDED BY APPLE, GOOGLE, THEIR 
AFFILIATES, OR THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS; HONDA DOES NOT GUARANTEE AGAINST LOSS OF APPLICATION DATA, WHICH MAY BE LOST 
AT ANY TIME; HONDA DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE APPLICATIONS OR ANY SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THEM WILL BE 
PROVIDED AT ALL TIMES OR THAT ANY OR ALL SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME OR LOCATION. FOR EXAMPLE, 
SERVICES MAY BE SUSPENDED OR INTERRUPTED WITHOUT NOTICE FOR REPAIR, MAINTENANCE, SECURITY FIXES, UPDATES, ETC., 
SERVICES MAY BE UNAVAILABLE IN YOUR AREA OR LOCATION, ETC. IN ADDITION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT CHANGES IN THIRD PARTY 
TECHNOLOGY OR GOVERNMENT REGULATION MAY RENDER THE SERVICES AND/OR APPLICATIONS OBSOLETE AND/OR UNUSABLE.

TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL HONDA OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR PERSONAL INJURY, OR ANY 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR 
LOSS OF PROFITS, CORRUPTION OR LOSS OF DATA, FAILURE TO TRANSMIT OR RECEIVE ANY DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY 
OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE APPLICATIONS OR YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO 
USE THE APPLICATIONS OR INFORMATION ON THE APPLICATIONS, HOWEVER CAUSED, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY 
(CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) AND EVEN IF HONDA WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME STATES AND 
JURISDICTIONS DISALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES, SO THESE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL HONDA’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES (OTHER THAN AS MAY BE REQUIRED 
BY APPLICABLE LAW IN CASES INVOLVING PERSONAL INJURY) EXCEED THE AMOUNT OF FIVE DOLLARS ($5.00). THE FOREGOING 
LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  405 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuAbout Open Source Licenses

1About Open Source Licenses
For Telematics Control Unit
Free/Open Source Software Information.

This product contains Free/Open Source 
Software(FOSS).
The license information and/or the source code of 
such FOSS can be found at the following URL.

https://www.denso.com/global/en/opensource/tcu/
honda/

Features
Models with Display Audio

About Open Source Licenses
To see the open source license information, follow these steps.
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select System.
4. Select About.
5. Select Legal Information.
405



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  406 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLicense Information*

406

Features
License Information*

■DOLBY DIGITAL
Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. Dolby, Dolby Audio, Pro 
Logic, and the double-D symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.

■DTS
For DTS patents, see http://patents.dts.com. Manufactured under license from DTS 
Licensing Limited. DTS, DTS-HD, the Symbol, & DTS and the Symbol together are 
registered trademarks of DTS, Inc.©DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  407 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLicense Information*Features
■Bluetooth
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered trademarks owned by 
Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and any use of such marks by DENSO CORPORATION is under 
license. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners.

■Windows Media
This product is protected by certain intellectual property rights of Microsoft. Use or 
distribution of such technology outside of this product is prohibited without a 
license from Microsoft.
Continued 407



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  408 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLicense Information*

408

Features
■Apple
“Made for iPod,” “Made for iPhone,” and “Made for iPad” mean that an electronic 
accessory has been designed to connect specifically to iPod, iPhone, or iPad, 
respectively, and has been certified by the developer to meet Apple performance 
standards. Apple is not responsible for the operation of this device or its compliance 
with safety and regulatory standards. Please note that the use of this accessory with 
iPod, iPhone, or iPad may affect wireless performance.
Apple, the Apple Logo, iPad, iPhone, iPod, iPod classic, iPod nano, and iPod touch 
are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. iPad Air, 
iPad mini, iPad Pro, Apple CarPlay, and Lightning are trademarks of Apple Inc. App 
Store is a service mark of Apple Inc.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  409 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLicense Information*Features
■MPEG
Mpeg4 Visual
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO 
LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER FOR 
(i) ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUALA STANDARD 
(“MPEG-4 VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED 
BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY 
AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO 
PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY 
OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO 
PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE 
OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, LLC.
SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.

VC-1
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE 
PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO 
IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD (“VC-1 VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE 
VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL 
AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO 
PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL 
BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE 
HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.
Continued 409



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  410 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuGeneral Information on the Audio SystemuLicense Information*

410

Features
AVC/H.264
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE 
PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN 
COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE 
AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL 
AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO 
PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL 
BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE 
HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.

■SDHC Memory Card
microSDHC Logo is a trademark of SD-3C, LLC.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  411 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*
1Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*

Blu-ray DiscTM, Blu-rayTM, and the logos are 
trademarks of the Blu-ray Disc Association.

BD-XL, BD-Live, Blu-ray 3D, and Ultra HD Blu-ray are 
not supported.

CAUTION: Radio Frequency Radiation Exposure The 
Rear Entertainment System remote complies with 
FCC radiation exposure limits set forth for an 
uncontrolled environment and meets the FCC radio 
frequency (RF) Exposure Guidelines.
The Rear Entertainment System remote should be 
kept at least 7.9 inch (20 cm) or more away from a 
person’s body when operated.

Features
Rear seat passengers can enjoy a completely separate entertainment source than 
front passengers, including movies, games, and other audio choices.
* Not available on all models 411



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  412 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uWireless Headphones

1Wireless Headphones
Your vehicle comes with two wireless headphones.

Wear the headphone correctly with the earpiece 
marked with L goes to your left ear and R goes to 
your right ear.
Wearing the headphone backward may affect the 
audio reception.

You can put the headphones into the front seat-back 
upper pockets, and the remote into the front 
passenger’s seat-back lower pocket as shown below.

Remote

Headphone

412

Features
Wireless Headphones
The rear seat passengers can listen to audio from the Blu-ray/DVD rear 
entertainment system by a wireless headphone that comes with your vehicle.

Indicator To turn on the switch: Press the  (power) 
button at the right earpiece. The indicator 
comes on.
To adjust the volume: Turn the dial at the 
right earpiece.

Volume

 (Power) Button

■DTS Headphone:XTM

For DTS patents, see http://patents.dts.com. Manufactured under license from DTS 
Licensing Limited. DTS, the Symbol, & DTS and the Symbol together are registered 
trademarks, and DTS Headphone:X is a trademark of DTS, Inc. © DTS, Inc. All Rights 
Reserved.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  413 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uAuxiliary Console PanelsFeatures
Auxiliary Console Panels 
Headphone connectors for the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system are on the 
both sides of the third row outer seats.
Left side ■Headphone connectors

A headphone can also be used by connecting 
to either auxiliary console panel. There are 
two headphone connectors for the third row 
passengers. Each connector has its own 
volume control.

Right side
413



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  414 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uHDMITM Port

1HDMITM Port
The terms HDMI and HDMI High-Definition 
Multimedia Interface, and the HDMI Logo are 
trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI 
Licensing LLC in the United States and other 
countries.

The HDMI port is for use with the Blu-ray/DVD rear 
entertainment system only.

414

Features
HDMITM Port
There is an HDMITM port on the back of the console compartment. The Blu-ray/DVD 
rear entertainment system will accept HDMITM port from video games and video 
equipment which are equipped with an HDMITM port.

Overhead Screen
Pull down the screen to the first or second 
detent until it latches.

Overhead 
Screen



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  415 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uOperating the System

1Home Screen
To change the order of icons, press and hold the 
ENTER button on the remote.

Features
Operating the System
To operate the system, set the power mode to ON or ACCESSORY. Select Rear 
Entertainment, then  Rear in the audio/information screen to turn on the 
system. You can also turn on the system by pressing the  (power) button on the 
remote.

 Rear Icon

■Home Screen
To display the home screen on the overhead screen, press the  (home) button on 
the remote. From this screen, you can use various apps or settings.
415



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  416 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uVideo Accessibility

1Selecting the Accessibility Function
Since the accessibility function is set to OFF by 
default, you must set it to ON before using it.

You can also select Accessibility from the Settings 
screen.

2 System Settings P. 422

To change the position of the Video Accessibility 
icon, press and hold the ENTER button on the RES 
remote, then drag the icon to the desired location.

416

Features
Video Accessibility
The Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System (RES) supports an accessibility function 
which allows the user to enable audio feedback of on-screen operations through the 
wireless and wired headphones.

■Selecting the Accessibility Function
1. Press the  (power) button on the RES 

remote.
2. Select Accessibility, then press the ENTER 

button on the remote.

The following selections are available:
• Enable Accessibility: Turns the accessibility mode on or off. (Factory default: 

Off)
• Speed of Audio Output: Adjusts to increase or decrease the speed of audio 

output. (Factory default: Middle (8th) tick mark)
• Enable 3 Key Push: Enables or disables the feature that allows you to turn a 

function on or off, or change a function setting without going through the menu. 
(Factory default: On)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  417 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uVideo AccessibilityFeatures
■Changing Function Status
Press any of the following colored buttons on the RES remote three times to turn a 
function on or off, or to change a function setting.
Red button: Accessibility
Green button: Subtitles
Yellow button: Secondary Audio
Blue button: Audio Format Switching
417



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  418 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTM

3 , 4 , ,  and ENTER Buttons
se 3 , 4 , , or  to highlight a menu item, and 
ress the ENTER button to make a selection.
 (Light) Button

ress to illuminate the buttons for a few seconds.

ENU Button
ress to display the menu items.

 (Stop) Button
ress to stop a DVD or Blu-rayTM.

418

Features
Playing a DVD/Blu-rayTM

To play a DVD or Blu-rayTM, insert a DVD or Blu-rayTM into the lower slot of the front 
audio system, and select  Rear in the audio/information screen.
u The system automatically starts the DVD or Blu-rayTM. DVD or Blu-rayTM is 

available for the rear seat passenger only.

■System Controls

 (Power) Button
Press to turn the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system U
on or off. p

 (Home) Button
Press to display the home screen. P

 (Back) Button M
Press to go back to the previous display or operation. P
Red/Green/Yellow/Blue Button
Press to use on a DVD or Blu-rayTM menu.

 (Play/Pause) Button
Press to pause or play a DVD or Blu-rayTM. P

/  Buttons
Press to change chapters.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  419 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTM

1Rear DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu
During DVD or Blu-rayTM operation, when the source 
is changed or the audio system is turned off, DVD or 
Blu-rayTM operation stops.

Depending on the disc you insert, some items may 
not be displayed.

Features
■Rear DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu
1. Press the MENU button on the remote to display the menu screen.
2. Select an item and then press the ENTER button on the remote.

The following items are available:
• DVD Menu/Blu-ray Menu: Displays the top menu of the DVD or Blu-rayTM.
• Aspect Ratio: Selects an aspect ratio of the image.

2 Setting the Aspect Ratio P. 419
• Brightness: Adjusts the screen’s brightness.
• Contrast: Adjusts the screen’s contrast.
• Root Menu*1: Displays the disc menu for the current playing title.
• Pop-up Menu*2: Displays the menu of the Blu-rayTM.
• Player Options: Displays while a DVD or Blu-rayTM is playing and changes the 

DVD or Blu-rayTM preferences.
2 Setting the Player Options P. 420

■ Setting the Aspect Ratio
1. Press the MENU button on the remote to display the menu screen.
2. Select Aspect Ratio.
3. Select the setting you want.
u You can select the three options; normal, full, or zoom.

*1: Appears only when you select the DVD source.
*2: Appears only when you select the Blu-rayTM source.
Continued 419



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  420 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTM

420

Features
■ Setting the Player Options
1. Press the MENU button on the remote to display the menu screen.
2. Select Player Options.
3. Select an item and then press the ENTER button on the remote.

The following items are available:
• Repeat:

Off: Repeat mode is off.
Title (only for DVD-V, AVCREC and BDAV): Repeats the current title.
Chapter (only for DVD-V, AVCREC and BDAV): Repeats the current chapter.
Program (only for DVD-VR): Repeats the current program if the disc has the 
correspondence list.
Playlist (only for DVD-VR): Repeats the current playlist if the disc has the 
correspondence list.
Entry Point (only for DVD-VR): Repeats the current entry point if the disc has the 
correspondence list.

• Subtitles and Audio: Selects the language of the DVD subtitle and audio.
• Angle: Selects the angle of the scene shot with multiple cameras.
• Search: Skips to a title or chapter.

2 Searching a title/chapter/program/playlist P. 421
• Change Order (only for DVD-VR, AVCREC and BDAV): Changes the order of 

the program or playlist.
• Default Language: Selects the language for the menus, audio, and subtitle of 

the DVD or Blu-rayTM.
• Sound Leveling: Adjusts the range of the loud and soft sound. Select Auto, On 

or Off.
• Secondary Audio (only for BDMV): Turns on and off the function that plays the 

available commentary or narrator audio along with the main disc track.
• Onscreen Remote: Displays the on-screen buttons for the remote.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  421 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTMFeatures
■ Searching a title/chapter/program/playlist
1. Press the MENU button on the remote to display the menu screen.
2. Select Player Options.
3. Select Search.
4. Enter a number of a title, chapter, program or playlist to skip, and then select 

enter.

The following items are available:
• Title: Skips to a title you specify.
• Chapter: Skips to a chapter you specify.
• Program (only for DVD-VR): Skips to a program you specify while playing with 

the program list.
• Playlist (only for DVD-VR): Skips to a playlist you specify while playing with the 

playlist.
Continued 421



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  422 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTM

422

Features
■System Settings
1. Press the  (home) button on the remote.
2. Select Settings and then press the ENTER button on the remote to display the 

Settings screen.
3. Select an item.

The following items are available:
• Display: Adjusts the screen’s preferences.

2 Adjusting the screen P. 423
• Language: Sets the system language used on all screens.

2 Setting the Language P. 423
• Headphones: Sets the surround of the wireless headphones.

2 Setting the Headphones P. 423
• Accessibility: With On selected, the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system 

provides audio feedback through the headphones to assist the user with on-
screen operations.

• About My System: Displays the information of the Blu-ray/DVD rear 
entertainment system.

• System Reset: Resets the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system settings and 
erases all login information.

After you make all the adjustments, press the  (back) or  (home) button to 
return.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  423 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying a DVD/Blu-rayTMFeatures
■Adjusting the screen
1. Press the  (home) button on the remote.
2. Select Settings and then press the ENTER button on the remote to display the 

Settings screen.
3. Select Display and then press the ENTER button on the remote.
4. Select the setting you want.

The following items are available:
• Brightness: Adjusts the screen’s brightness.
• Contrast: Adjusts the screen’s contrast.
• Tint: Adjusts the screen’s hue.
• Color: Adjusts the screen’s color strength.

■ Setting the Language
1. Press the  (home) button on the remote.
2. Select Settings and then press the ENTER button on the remote to display the 

Settings screen.
3. Select Language and then press the ENTER button on the remote.
4. Select the setting you want.
u You can select the language from US English, UK English, Spanish, 

Canadian French, Arabic, or Korean.

■ Setting the Headphones
1. Press the  (home) button on the remote.
2. Select Settings and then press the ENTER button on the remote to display the 

Settings screen.
3. Select Headphones and then press the ENTER button on the remote.
4. Select the setting you want.
u You can select the options from Off or On. Select Off to disable the feature.
423



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  424 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uFront Control Panel Operation

424

Features
Front Control Panel Operation
You can operate the Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System (RES) from the audio/
information screen.

■Selecting the App using Front Control Panel
1. Select .
2. Select Rear Entertainment.
3. Select  Rear if the power is off.
u If you select this icon while the system is 

operating, the system is turned off.
4. Select the app you want to use.

The following items are available on the audio/information screen:
•  Rear: Turns the system on or off.
• Now Playing: Displays the current playing app.
• Rear Apps: Displays the home screen.
• CabinTalk: Displays the CabinTalk screen.

2 CabinTalk®* P. 538
• Remote: Disables controls from the remote.
• Settings: Changes the system settings.

2 Rear System Setup P. 425
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  425 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uFront Control Panel OperationFeatures
■Rear System Setup
■Manage Apps
Shows or hides app icons on the home screen.
1. Select .
2. Select Rear Entertainment.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Manage Apps.

5. Select Available or Hidden.
6. Select Save.
Continued 425



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  426 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uFront Control Panel Operation

1Setting the DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu
Depending on the disc you insert, some items may 
not be displayed.

426

Features
■Setting the DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu
Select Options while a DVD or Blu-rayTM is 
playing.

The following items are available on the audio/information screen:
• Subtitles and Audio

2 Setting the Player Options P. 420
• Repeat

2 Setting the Player Options P. 420
• Change Order

2 Setting the Player Options P. 420
• Autoplay: Turns on and off to automatically play a DVD or Blu-rayTM disc.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  427 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying Apps

1Playing Apps
Streaming Applications
Your vehicle’s Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system 
comes pre-loaded with audio streaming applications.

Before launching any application, first confirm that 
your vehicle’s date and time are set correctly. Having 
the incorrect date and time settings may prevent your 
applications from operating correctly.
You can set the date and time on the front display in 
the following steps.
Select Home Settings Date & Time Set Date & 
Time

Your vehicle is equipped with the ability to apply 
software updates. When a software update is 
provided to your vehicle, please accept the update 
and allow the installation to complete.

Disclaimer:
The audio quality of your streaming applications will 
depend on your internet connection.
If you experience lagging or disconnections, check 
your connection and confirm it is operational.

Features
Playing Apps
You can play apps such as USB, iPod, HDMI® and more from the rear seats.
Continued 427



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  428 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying Apps

3 , 4 , ,  and ENTER Buttons
se 3 , 4 , , or  to highlight a menu item, and 
ress the ENTER button to make a selection.
 (Light) Button

ress to illuminate the buttons for a few seconds.

ENU Button
ress to display the menu items.

 (Stop) Button
ress to stop a video or audio file.

428

Features
■System Controls

 (Power) Button
Press to turn the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system U
on or off. p

 (Home) Button
Press to display the home screen. P

 (Back) Button M
Press to go back to the previous display or operation. P

 (Play/Pause) Button
Press to pause or play a video or audio file. P

/  Buttons
Press to change videos or audio files.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  429 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying Apps

1System Controls
You can also operate the Blu-ray/DVD rear 
entertainment system on the audio/information 
screen.

Features
■Playing a Disc in the Rear
To play a disc, press the  (home) button on the remote, and then select the Blu-
ray Disc icon on the overhead screen.

When you press the MENU button on the remote while the CD is playing, the audio 
menu appears on the overhead screen.

The available options appear on the overhead screen are repeat, random, 
brightness, and contrast.

■Playing an iPod and a USB Flash Drive in the Rear
To play an iPod and a USB flash drive, press the  (home) button on the remote, 
and then select the USB icon on the overhead screen.

When you press the MENU button on the remote while the iPod or USB flash drive 
is playing, the audio menu appears on the overhead screen.

The available options appear on the overhead screen are repeat, random, aspect 
ratio, brightness, and contrast.
Continued 429



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  430 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying Apps

430

Features
■Playing a Video Using the HDMITM

To play videos from an HDMITM-compatible device, connect the device using an 
HDMITM cable.

2 HDMITM Port P. 414

Press the  (home) button on the remote, and then select the HDMI icon on the 
overhead screen.

When you press the MENU button on the remote while the video using the HDMITM 
is playing, the audio menu appears on the overhead screen.

The available options appear on the overhead screen are aspect ratio, brightness, 
and contrast.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  431 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlaying Apps

1How Much Farther?TM*

When there is no destination set on the navigation 
system, an animated demonstration will be displayed.

1Media Servers
NOTE: For this feature to work, an app that exposes 
your device as a media server must be installed on 
your device. Open this app on your device prior to 
selecting the Media Servers icon. This feature is only 
supported on Android phones.

Features
■How Much Farther?TM*

Displays the current location temperature, time remaining, distance traveled, and 
distance remaining with an animation.

To play the app, press the  (home) button on the remote, and then select the 
How Much Farther? icon on the overhead screen.

You can select a background from five types using  or  on the remote, and bring 
some items (at top of the screen) up and down using 3  or 4 .

■Media Servers
Plays a stored video or audio file from a connected device via Wi-Fi.
Connect the device using Wi-Fi.

2 Wi-Fi Connection P. 371

Press the  (home) button on the remote, and then select the Media Servers icon 
on the overhead screen.

The operation are the same as the USB mode.
* Not available on all models 431



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  432 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uAudio Sources for Front and Rear Seats

1Audio Sources for Front and Rear Seats
Yes: These audio sources are simultaneously playable. 
When listening to same source in both the front and 
rear, the playing channel or track will also be the 
same for each.
No: These audio sources are not simultaneously 
playable.

432

Features
Audio Sources for Front and Rear Seats
The table shows the possible audio source combinations of the front audio system 
and Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system’s simultaneous use.

Front CD
AM/FM SiriusXM® 

DVD*1 USB
Rear Radio Radio iP

Blu-rayTM*1 od

CD
DVD*1 Yes Yes Yes Yes

Blu-rayTM*1

USB
Yes Yes No Yes

iPod

HDMITM*1 Yes Yes No Yes

*1:The front seat passengers are only able to hear the DVD’s, Blu-rayTM’s or 
HDMITM’s sound from the front speakers.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  433 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

1Playable Discs
This product incorporates copyright protection 
technology that is protected by U.S. patents and 
other intellectual property rights.

This item incorporates copy protection technology 
that is protected by U.S. patents and other 
intellectual property rights of Rovi Corporation.
Reverse engineering and disassembly are prohibited.

For DTS patents, see http://patents.dts.com.
Manufactured under license from DTS Licensing 
Limited. DTS, DTS-HD, the Symbol, & DTS and the 
Symbol together are registered trademarks of DTS, 
Inc.©DTS, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Manufactured under license from Dolby Laboratories. 
Dolby, Dolby Audio, Pro Logic, and the double-D 
symbol are trademarks of Dolby Laboratories.

“Blu-ray DiscTM”, “Blu-rayTM”, and the logos are 
trademarks of the Blu-ray Disc Association.

 is a trademark of DVD Format/Logo Licensing 
Corporation.

Features
Playable Discs
The discs that come with these labels can be played in your vehicle’s Blu-ray/DVD 
rear entertainment system.
Also look for the region code of 1, ALL,  or  on the package or jacket on the 
disc.
DVD-ROMs and Blu-rayTM ROMs (BD ROM) are not playable in this unit.

The disc packages or jackets should have one of these marks.

Also includes:
Continued 433



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  434 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

434

Features
■ Java
Oracle, Java and all Java-based trademarks and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.

END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

BEFORE USING THIS IN-CAR BLU-RAY PRODUCT, PLEASE READ ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS END USER 
LICESE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) CAREFULLY. THIS AGREEMENT IS A LEGALLY BINDING CONTRACT BETWEEN END USER (“you”) AND 
PANASONIC THAT SETS FORTH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF ORACLE JAVA ME MEDIA PACK FOR CDC 
(the “program”) IMPLEMENTED IN THIS IN-CAR BLU-RAY PRODUCT.

(1) Java Technology Restrictions. You are prohibited from creating, modifying, changing the behavior of classes, interfaces, or subpackages 
that are in any way identified as "Java", "Javax", "Sun" or similar convention as specified by Oracle in any naming convention designation.

(2) Trademarks and Logos. You shall acknowledge that Oracle owns the Java trademark and all Java-related trademarks, logos and icons 
including the Coffee Cup and Duke ("Java Marks") and shall agree to: (a) comply with the Java Trademark Guidelines at http://
www.oracle.com/us/legal/third-party-trademarks/index.html; (b) not do anything harmful to or inconsistent with Oracle's rights in the Java 
Marks; and (c) assist Oracle in protecting those rights, including assigning to Oracle any rights acquired by you in any Java Mark.

(3) Third Party Code. You shall read additional copyright notices and license terms applicable to portions of the programs are set forth 
below.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  435 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
COMPONENTS

The following software (or certain identified files distributed with the software) may be included in this product. Unless otherwise specified, 
the software identified in this file is licensed under the licenses described below. The disclaimers and copyright notices provided are based 
on information made available to Oracle by the third party licensors listed.

3DES

3DES
Des3Cipher - the triple-DES encryption method

Copyright (C) 1996 by Jef Poskanzer <jef@mail.acme.com>. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN 
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Visit the ACME Labs Java page for up-to-date versions of this and other fine Java utilities: http:www.acme.com/java/
Continued 435



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  436 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

436

Features
AES

Cryptix General License

Copyright (c) 1995-2005 The Cryptix Foundation Limited.All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE CRYPTIX FOUNDATION LIMITED OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  437 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
DES

DES
DesCipher - the DES encryption method

@@ The meat of this code is by Dave Zimmerman <dzimm@widget.com>, and is:
Copyright (c) 1996 Widget Workshop, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for NON-COMMERCIAL or COMMERCIAL purposes 
and without fee is hereby granted, provided that this copyright notice is kept intact.

WIDGET WORKSHOP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR 
NON-INFRINGEMENT. WIDGET WORKSHOP SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE AS A RESULT OF USING, 
MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS DERIVATIVES.

THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE OR RESALE AS ON-LINE CONTROL EQUIPMENT IN HAZARDOUS 
ENVIRONMENTS REQUIRING FAIL-SAFE PERFORMANCE, SUCH AS IN THE OPERATION OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES, AIRCRAFT NAVIGATION OR 
COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS, AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, DIRECT LIFE SUPPORT MACHINES, OR WEAPONS SYSTEMS, IN WHICH THE FAILURE 
OF THE SOFTWARE COULD LEAD DIRECTLY TO DEATH, PERSONAL INJURY, OR SEVERE PHYSICAL OR ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE ("HIGH 
RISK ACTIVITIES"). WIDGET WORKSHOP SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR HIGH RISK 
ACTIVITIES.

@@ The rest of the code is:

Copyright (C) 1996 by Jef Poskanzer <jef@mail.acme.com>. All rights reserved.
Continued 437



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  438 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

438

Features
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, 
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN 
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Visit the ACME Labs Java page for up-to-date versions of this and other fine Java utilities: http:www.acme.com/java/

JPEG library

The authors make NO WARRANTY or representation, either express or implied, with respect to this software, its quality, accuracy, 
merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. This software is provided "AS IS", and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to its 
quality and accuracy.

This software is copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  439 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
zlib 1.1.3

@@ Acknowledgments:

Oracle gratefully acknowledges the contributions of Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler in creating the zlib general purpose compression 
library which is used in this product.

@@ Copyright notice:

(C) 1995-1998 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler

This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising 
from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software 
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

Jean-loup Gailly Mark Adler
jloup@gzip.org madler@alumni.caltech.edu

If you use the zlib library in a product, we would appreciate *not* receiving lengthy legal documents to sign. The sources are provided for 
free but without warranty of any kind. The library has been entirely written by Jean-loup Gailly and Mark Adler; it does not include third-
party code.
Continued 439



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  440 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

440

Features
If you redistribute modified sources, we would appreciate that you include in the file ChangeLog history information documenting your 
changes.

(4) Others.
(i)You shall not install the programs separately and independently from this Blu-ray product.
(ii)You agree not to reply on the future availability of any programs or services which Oracle will provide.

(5) ENTIRE AGREEMENT
You agree that this Agreement is the complete agreement pertaining to the subject matter hereof (including references to information 
contained in a URL) and this Agreement supersedes all prior or contemporaneous written or oral agreements or representations existing 
between you and Panasonic with respect to such subject matter. If any term of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions will remain effective. Panasonic’s failure to enforce any right or provisions in this Agreement will not constitute a 
waiver of such provision, or any other provision of this Agreement.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  441 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
■HDMI
HDMI, the HDMI Logo, and High-Definition Multimedia Interface are trademarks or registered trademarks of HDMI Licensing LLC in the 
United States and other countries.

■Cinavia
This product uses Cinavia technology to limit the use of unauthorized copies of some commercially-produced film and videos and their 
soundtracks. When a prohibited use of an unauthorized copy is detected, a message will be displayed and playback or copying will be 
interrupted.

More information about Cinavia technology is provided at Cinavia Online Consumer Information Center at http://www.cinavia.com. To 
request additional information about Cinavia by mail, send a postcard with your mailing address to: Cinavia Consumer Information Center, 
P.O. Box 86851, San Diego, CA, 92138, USA.

This product incorporates proprietary technology under license from Verance Corporation and is protected by U.S. Patent 7,369,677 and 
other U.S. and worldwide patents issued and pending as well as copyright and trade secret protection for certain aspects of such 
technology. Cinavia is a trademark of Verance Corporation. Copyright 2004-2014 Verance Corporation. All rights reserved by Verance. 
Reverse engineering or disassembly is prohibited.
Continued 441



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  442 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

442

Features
■MPEG
THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A 
CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD (“AVC VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT 
WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A 
VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.

THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF A 
CONSUMER TO (i) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD (“VC-1 VIDEO”) AND/OR (ii) DECODE VC-1 VIDEO THAT 
WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A 
VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL 
INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM.

This product is protected by certain intellectual property rights of Microsoft Corporation and third parties. Use or distribution of such 
technology outside of this product is prohibited without a license from Microsoft or an authorized Microsoft subsidiary and third parties.

This product is licensed under the AVC patent portfolio license and VC-1 patent portfolio license for the personal use of a consumer or 
other uses in which it does not receive remuneration to
(i) encode video in compliance with the AVC Standard and VC-1 Standard ("AVC/VC-1 Video") and/or
(ii) decode AVC/VC-1 Video that was encoded by a consumer engaged in a personal activity and/or was obtained from a video provider 
licensed to provide AVC/VC-1 Video.

No license is granted or shall be implied for any other use.
Additional information may be obtained from MPEG LA, L.L.C. See http://www.mpegla.com.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  443 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
■OSS
This product incorporates the following software:
(1) The software developed by, or developed for, Panasonic Corporation ("Panasonic"),
(2) The software owned by third party and licensed to Panasonic,
(3) The software licensed under the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2 ("GPL"),
(4) The software licensed under the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE, Version 2.1 ("LGPL"), and/or
(5) Open sourced software licensed under terms and conditions other than GPL or LGPL.

For the software classified as (3) or (4) above, please refer to the terms and conditions of GPL and LGPL at the websites listed below: 
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.html
The software classified as (3) and (4) above are copyrighted by multiple people. Please refer to the websites below regarding the copyright 
notices of those people.

http://www.hondaopensource2.com/17M_BDP/

At least three (3) years from delivery of products, Panasonic will give to any third party who contacts us at the Contact Information 
provided below, for a charge no more than our cost of physically performing source code distribution, a complete machine-readable copy 
of the source code corresponding to the GPL/LGPL Software.

Please note that we are unable to answer any queries regarding source code details, etc.

[Contact Information]
Engineering Administration Group Manager Panasonic Corporation, Automotive Systems Company, 4261 Ikonobe-cho, Tsuzuki-ku, 
Yokohama, Kanagawa 224-8520, Japan
Furthermore, source code corresponding to the GPL/LGPL Software listed above is freely available to you and any member of the public at 
the websites listed below:

http://www.hondaopensource2.com/17M_BDP/

The software classified as (5) above contains various open sourced software ("OSS") including the following software:
Continued 443



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  444 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

444

Features
LICENSE ISSUES

The OpenSSL toolkit stays under a dual license, i.e. both the conditions of the OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay license apply to the 
toolkit. See below for the actual license texts. Actually both licenses are BSD-style Open Source licenses. In case of any license issues related 
to OpenSSL please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

OpenSSL License

Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"

4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to * endorse or promote products derived from this software 
without prior written permission. For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written 
permission of the OpenSSL Project.

6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  445 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO 
EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, 
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, 
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
SUCH DAMAGE.

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim 
Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Original SSLeay License

Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved.

This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.

This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are aheared to. The following conditions 
apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation 
included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed.
If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used.
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
Continued 445



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  446 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

446

Features
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgement:
"This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)"
The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-).
4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include an 
acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; 
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR 
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The license and distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot 
simply be copied and put under another distribution license [including the GNU Public License.]



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  447 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
portmap

Copyright (c) 1998, Regents of the University of California All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the University of California, Berkeley nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, 
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE 
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF 
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT 
OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Continued 447



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  448 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

448

Features
tcp_wrappers

Copyright (c) 1998, Regents of the University of California All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the University of California, Berkeley nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products 
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, 
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR 
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, 
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  449 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
FreeType

Portions of this software are copyright (c) 1996-2002, 2006 The FreeType Project (www.freetype.org). All rights reserved.

Legal Terms

0. Definitions

Throughout this license, the terms 'package', 'FreeType Project', and 'FreeType archive' refer to the set of files originally distributed by the 
authors (David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg) as the 'FreeType Project', be they named as alpha, beta or final release.

'You' refers to the licensee, or person using the project, where 'using' is a generic term including compiling the project's source code as 
well as linking it to form a 'program' or 'executable'. This program is referred to as 'a program using the FreeType engine'.

This license applies to all files distributed in the original FreeType Project, including all source code, binaries and documentation, unless 
otherwise stated in the file in its original, unmodified form as distributedin the original archive. If you are unsure whether or not a particular 
file is covered by this license, you must contact us to verify this.

The FreeType Project is copyright (C) 1996-2000 by David Turner, Robert Wilhelm, and Werner Lemberg. All rights reserved except as 
specified below.

1. No Warranty

THE FREETYPE PROJECT IS PROVIDED 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE AUTHORS 
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE, OF THE FREETYPE PROJECT.
Continued 449



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  450 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

450

Features
2. Redistribution

This license grants a worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual and irrevocable right and license to use, execute, perform, compile, display, copy, 
create derivative works of, distribute and sublicense the FreeType Project (in both source and object code forms) and derivative works 
thereof for any purpose; and to authorize others to exercise some or all of the rights granted herein, subject to the following conditions:

• Redistribution of source code must retain this license file ('FTL.TXT') unaltered; any additions, deletions or changes to the original files 
must be clearly indicated in accompanying documentation. The copyright notices of the unaltered, original files must be preserved in all 
copies of source files.

• Redistribution in binary form must provide a disclaimer that states that the software is based in part of the work of the FreeType Team, 
in the distribution documentation. We also encourage you to put an URL to the FreeType web page in your documentation, though this 
isn't mandatory.

These conditions apply to any software derived from or based on the FreeType Project, not just the unmodified files. If you use our work, 
you must acknowledge us. However, no fee need be paid to us.

3. Advertising

Neither the FreeType authors and contributors nor you shall use the name of the other for commercial, advertising, or promotional 
purposes without specific prior written permission.

We suggest, but do not require, that you use one or more of the following phrases to refer to this software in your documentation or 
advertising materials: 'FreeType Project', 'FreeType Engine', 'FreeType library', or 'FreeType Distribution'.

As you have not signed this license, you are not required to accept it. However, as the FreeType Project is copyrighted material, only this 
license, or another one contracted with the authors, grants you the right to use, distribute, and modify it. Therefore, by using, distributing, 
ormodifying the FreeType Project, you indicate that you understand and accept all the terms of this license.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  451 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
4. Contacts

There are two mailing lists related to FreeType:

• freetype@nongnu.org Discusses general use and applications of FreeType, as well as future and wanted dditions to the library and 
distribution. If you are looking for support, start in this list if you haven't found anything to help you in the documentation.

• freetype-devel@nongnu.org Discusses bugs, as well as engine internals, design issues, specific licenses, porting, etc.
Our home page can be found at

http://www.freetype.org

libjpeg

this software is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group

Vera.ttf

Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream Vera is a trademark of Bitstream, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and 
associated documentation files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute the Font Software, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, merge, publish, distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit persons to whom the Font Software 
is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software 
typefaces.

The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular the designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be modified 
and additional glyphs or characters may be added to the Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed to names not containing either the words 
"Bitstream" or the word "Vera".
Continued 451



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  452 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

452

Features
This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts or Font Software that has been modified and is distributed under the 
"Bitstream Vera" names.

The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but no copy of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be 
sold by itself.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT, 
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES 
OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN 
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome Foundation, and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or 
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written authorization from the Gnome Foundation 
or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For further information, contact: fonts at gnome dot org.

libtiff

Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler
Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.

Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee, 
providedbthat (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related documentation, 
and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the 
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  453 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable DiscsFeatures
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING 
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM 
LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR 
ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF 
DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE.

giflib

The GIFLIB distribution is Copyright (c) 1997 Eric S. Raymond

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the 
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, 
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the 
following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE 
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF 
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS 
IN THE SOFTWARE.
Continued 453



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  454 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

454

Features
zlib

zlib License
This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising 
from the use of this software.

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it 
freely, subject to the following restrictions:

1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software 
in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would beappreciated but is not required.

2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

■ FDA
-Caution-
Use of controls or adjustments or performance of procedures other than those specified herein may result in hazardous radiation exposure.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  455 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

1Playable Disc Types
Some discs may not function as expected. Also read 
the instruction book which comes with the disc.
Disc Symbols
The following symbols appear on DVD/Blu-rayTM discs 
or packing.
Symbol Description

Number of available soundtracks

Number of available subtitles

Number of angles

Selectable screen aspect ratios
(TV screen’s horizontal to vertical ratio)
16:9: Widescreen
4:3: Normal screen
Selectable region codes
ALL: Region free
A number (ex. 1): Particular region code

Selectable region codes
ABC: Region free
An alphabet (ex. A): Particular region code

For Dual Disc (double sided disc with  
both a DVD layer and a non-DVD 
layer), the DVD layer can be played as a 
Video DVD if the disc has the mark 
displayed on the right. Discs without the mark and 
the non-DVD layer are not supported, and operation 
cannot be guaranteed. In addition, the discs may be 
scratched when they are inserted or ejected.

Features
■Playable Disc Types
This unit is compatible with NTSC and PAL color TV systems. Use discs that are 
labeled as NTSC or PAL. Capability of this unit to play discs other than NTSC or PAL 
TV system (SECAM) is not guaranteed.

Type and symbol 
Size/Playable Side Max. play time

of playable disc
<MPEG 2 standard>

12 cm/single-sided Single layer 133 min.
Dual layer 242 min.

12 cm/Double-sided Single layer 266 min.
Dual layer 484 min.

12 cm/signal-side Single layer at 27 Mbps 123 min.
Dual layer 246 min.

■Playable Disc Region Codes
Some DVD/Blu-rayTM discs have a region code such as , ,  and this number 
shows the region the disc can be played in. Playable disc regions are restricted 
depending on the map coverage areas. If you play other discs, Check Disc message 
is displayed. In addition, some discs that do not have a region code number may still 
have a region restriction and may not be played on this unit.
Continued 455



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  456 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uPlayable Discs

1Recommended Discs
Large files may take longer to change audio or fast-
forward/fast-rewind.

Some CD-R/CD-RW/DVD-R/DVD-RW may not be read 
due to the discs’ encoding properties. Use discs 
recorded with disc-at-once or track-at-once for this 
unit.

“AVCHD Progressive” and the “AVCHD Progressive” 
logo are trademarks of Panasonic Corporation and 
Sony Corporation.

456

Features
■Recommended Discs
Compression video not supported, Compression audio specification are following.

CD-R/CD-RW
Media DVD-R/DVD-RW

DVD+R/DVD+RW
CD-ROM Mode1

Disc format CD-ROM Mode2 Form1
DVD-ROM

File format ISO9660 Level 1 & 2
Romeo, Joliet

Audio format MP3 WMA AAC

Audio format MPEG-1 AUDIO LAYER3 t Windows Media MPEG4-AAC
specification MPEG-2 AUDIO LAYER3 Microsof files created by iTunes 

MPEG-2.5 AUDIO LAYER3 Audio Ver7,8,9 m4a 
(Apple)

8/11.025/12/16/22.05/24/
Sampling MPEG-1: 32/44.1/48 32/44.1/48
frequency MPEG-2: 16/22.05/24 8/11.025/12/16/22.05/24/

[kHz] MPEG-2.5: 8/11.025/12 32/44.1/48
Exceptions not supported by 

DVD Player:12/24
MPEG1: 32/40/48/56/64/ 8/16/20/24/28/32/40/48/56/
80/96/112/128/160/192/ 5/8/16/24/32/40/48/64/80/ 64/80/96/112/128/160/192/

224/256/320 96/128/160/192/224/256/ 224/256/320/384/448/512/
MPEG2: 8/16/24/32/40/48/ 320/384 576

Bit rate [kbps] 56/64/80/96/112/128/144/
160

MPEG2.5: 8/16/24/32/40/ Exceptions not supported by Exceptions not supported by 
48/56/64/80/96/112/128/ DVD Player: 24/224/384 DVD Player: 384/448/512/

144/160 576

File extension .mp3/.MP3 .wma/.WMA .m4a/.M4A



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  457 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uDVD or Blu-rayTM Player Error Messages
DVD or Blu-rayTM Player Error Messages
If a disc error occurs, you may see the following error messages.
Features
Error Message in Audio/ Error Message in Overhead 
Information Screen Screen Cause Solution

Problem ejecting disc from the Problem ejecting disc from the 
act a dealer and the 

player. Contact Honda dealer to player. • Cont
player

fix this problem. Contact Honda dealer to fix this Disc stuck in 
player needs to be replaced.

problem.

Focus error • Press the  button and 
There is a problem with the Unsupported disc error remove the disc, and check 
player. Eject and re-insert the There seems to be a problems Mechanical error that the error message is 
disc. If this does not work, try playing this disc. Try inserting cleared.
another disc. If the error the disc into the Blu-ray player Servo error

hat the disc is not 
continues, contact Honda again. DRM file access • Check t

dealer. Error file access damaged or deformed, and 

Device error insert the disc again.
2 Protecting CDs P. 389

The system has overheated. Try • Turn the audio system off and 
to reduce the temperature by The Blu-ray player is too hot 

allow the player to cool down 
tuning the audio system off right now.
and allowing the player to cool Give it some time to cool off High temperature

until the error message is 
down. and try again later. cleared.

Playback stopped. The content 
being played is protected by 

Playback stopped. The content CinaviaTM and is not authorized • Current track/file will be 
being played is protected by 
Cinavia and is not authorized for playback on this device. Cinavia 1 error skipped. The next supported 
for playback on this device. For more information, see track/file plays automatically.

http://www.cinavia.com. 
Message Code 1.
Continued 457



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  458 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBlu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment System*uDVD or Blu-rayTM Player Error Messages

458

Features
Error Message in Audio/ Error Message in Overhead 
Cause Solution

Information Screen Screen

Audio outputs temporarily Audio outputs temporarily 
muted. Do not adjust the muted. Do not adjust the 
playback volume. The content playback volume. The content 
being played is protected by being played is protected by • Current track/file will be 
Cinavia and is not authorized CinaviaTM and is not authorized Cinavia 3 error skipped. The next supported 
for playback on this device. For for playback on this device. For track/file plays automatically.
more information, see http:// more information, see http://
www.cinavia.com. Message www.cinavia.com. Message 
Code 3. Code 3.

This disc cannot be played. • Press the  button and 
Check that the disc is not There seems to be a problem remove the disc, and check 
damaged or deformed. If the with this disc. that the error message is 

Region mismatch
disc is OK, see Owner’s Manual Please check if it might be cleared.
for information on supported damaged. • Check the disk if region code is 
disc types and files. matched.

Cannot access Blu-ray Player. • Contact a dealer and the 
— DTCP certificate error

Contact Honda dealer. player needs to be replaced.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  459 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Customized Features
1Customized Features
When you customize settings, make sure that the 
vehicle is at a complete stop and put the transmission 
into (P.

1How to customize
These indications are used to show how to operate 
the selector knob.
Rotate  to select.
Press  to enter.

To customize other features, select Settings, rotate 
, then press .
2 List of customizable options P. 462

Features
Models with color audio system
Use the audio/information screen to customize certain features.

■How to customize
While the vehicle is at a complete stop with the power mode in ON, press the 
MENU/CLOCK button, then select Settings. To customize the phone settings, 
press the  button, then select Phone Setup.

Audio/Information Screen  (Phone) Button

MENU/CLOCK Button

Selector Knob
Continued 459



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  460 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

460

Features
■Customization flow
Press the MENU/CLOCK button.

Adjust Clock

Settings RDS Settings*1 RDS Information
Radio Text

Bluetooth Add New Device
Connect an Audio Device

Display Adjustment Brightness
Contrast
Black Level

Rear Camera Camera Guideline

Display Change

Wallpaper Select
Import
Delete

Color Theme

Language

*1: FM mode Clock Format



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  461 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Press the  button and rotate  to select Phone Setup, then press .

Bluetooth Setup Add New Device

Connect a Phone
Connect an Audio Device
Disconnect All Devices
Delete Device
Pass-Key

Speed Dial

Ringtone

Caller ID Info

System Clear
Continued 461



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  462 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

462

Features
■ List of customizable options

Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Adjust Clock Adjusts clock. —
2 Clock P. 154

Selects whether the RDS information comes 
FM mode RDS Information On*1/Off

on.
RDS 
Settings Displays the radio text information of the 

Radio Text —
selected RDS station.

Add New Device
Bluetooth Connect an Audio See Bluetooth Setup on  P. 464

Device
Settings Changes the brightness of the audio/

Brightness —
information screen.

Display Changes the contrast of the audio/
Contrast —

Adjustment information screen.
Changes the black level of the audio/

Black Level —
information screen.

Rear Selects whether the guidelines come on the 
Camera Guideline On*1/Off

Camera audio/information screen.

*1:Default Setting



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  463 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group
Display Change Changes the display type. Audio*1/Wallpaper

Clock*1/Image1/Image2/
Select Changes the wallpaper type.

Image3
Wallpaper

Import Imports an image file for a new wallpaper. —
2 Wallpaper Setup P. 287

Settings Delete Deletes an image file for a wallpaper. Image1*1/Image2/Image3
Changes the background color of the audio/

Color Theme Blue*1/Red/Amber/Gray
information screen.

Language Changes the display language. English*1/Français/Español
Selects the digital clock display from 12h to 

Clock Format 12h*1/24h
24h.

*1:Default Setting
Continued 463



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  464 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

464

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Add New Device Pairs a new phone to HFL. —
2 Phone Setup P. 493

Pairs a new phone or connects a paired phone 
Connect a Phone to HFL. —

Bluetooth 2 Phone Setup P. 493
Setup Connect an Audio 

Connects a Bluetooth® Audio device to HFL. —
Device
Disconnect All Devices Disconnects a paired phone from HFL. —

Phone Delete Device Deletes a paired phone. —
Setup

Pass-Key Changes a pairing code. —

Speed Dial Edits, adds or deletes a speed dial entry. —
2 Speed Dial P. 502

Ringtone Selects the ring tone. Mobile Phone*1/Fixed
Prioritizes the caller’s name or phone number Name Priority*1/Number 

Caller ID Info
as the caller ID. Priority
Cancels/Resets all customized items in the 

System Clear —
Phone Setup group as default.

*1:Default Setting



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  465 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Customized Features
1Customized Features
When you customize settings, make sure that the 
vehicle is at a complete stop and put the transmission 
into (P.

To customize other features, select Settings.
2 List of customizable options P. 472

Features
Models with Display Audio
Use the audio/information screen to customize certain features.

■How to customize
With the power mode in ON, select Settings, then select a setting item.

Audio/Information 
Screen
Continued 465



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  466 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

466

Features
■Customization flow
Select . Date & Time Set Date & Time Automatic Date & 

Time
Select Settings. Set Date

Set Time
Set Time Zone Automatic Time 

Zone*

Select time zone
Select Time Format

System Volumes System Sounds
Navigation Guidance*

Touch 
System Sensitivity

Subscriptions HondaLink Subscription Status

Language

Factory Data 
Reset

About
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  467 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

 Manager
t Location 
t from Apps
ion Setting
rruptions Interruption Mode

Events and 
reminders

Calls
Messages

Calls/messages 
from

Features
Advanced App
Options Recen

Reques
Locat

Inte
Continued 467



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  468 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

+ Connect New Device
Saved Devices

Change Mode
Available Networks/Devices

ptions CabinControl
Connection 
Information

vice list)

468

Features
Bluetooth

Connections
Wi-Fi

Android Auto

Apple CarPlay

CabinControl O

(De



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  469 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

t Position Movement at Entry/Exit
Memory Position Link

Adjust Outside Temp Display
Trip A Reset Timing
Trip B Reset Timing

Reverse Shift Position Beep
Adjust Alarm Volume
Turn by Turn Display

Fuel Efficiency Backlight
Rear Seat Reminder

wer Tailgate Keyless Open Mode
er Tailgate Open by Outer Handle
nds Free Access Power Tailgate*

Door Unlock Mode
Keyless Access Light Flash

Keyless Access Beep
Remote Start System On/Off

Walk Away Auto Lock

Features
Driving Position Sea
Setup*

Meter Setup

Vehicle

Power Tailgate Po
Setup* Pow

Ha

Keyless Access 
Setup
* Not available on all models Continued 469



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  470 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

rward Collision Warning Distance
CC Forward Vehicle Detect Beep
ad Departure Mitigation Setting
ne Keeping Assist Suspend Beep

Blind Spot Information*

Traffic Sign Recognition

Auto Door Lock
Auto Door Unlock

Key and Remote Unlock Mode
Keyless Lock Answer Back

Security Relock Timer
er Slide Door Keyless Open Mode*

Interior Light Dimming Time
Headlight Auto Off Timer

to Interior Illumination Sensitivity
uto Headlight On with Wiper On

Auto Light Sensitivity*

Oil Life

470

Features
Driver Assist Fo
System Setup A

Ro
La

Door Setup

Pow

Lighting Setup

Au
A

Wireless 
Charger*

Maintenance 
Information
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  471 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

Default Camera View
Guidelines

Cross Traffic Monitor*

Show with Turn Signal
Show Reference Line

Features
Camera Rear Camera

LaneWatch*

Display Brightness

Contrast

Black Level

Sound Bass / Treble

CCeenntteerr  // 
SSuubbwwooooffeerr  

VVoolluummee 
(Subwoofer 

Volume)

Balance / Fader

Audio Zones*

Speed Volume 
Compensation

DTS Neural 
Surround*

Notifications

* Not available on all models Continued 471



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  472 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

472

Features
■ List of customizable options

Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Automatic 
Selects ON to have the GPS automatically adjust 

Date & ON*1/OFF
the clock. Select OFF to cancel this function.

Time
Set 
Date & 
Time Set Date Adjusts date. —

2 Adjusting the Clock P. 154

Set Time Adjusts clock. —
System Date & Time 2 Adjusting the Clock P. 154

Sets the navigation system to automatically adjust 
Automatic 

Set the clock when driving through different time ON*1/OFF
Time Zone*

Time zones.
Zone Select time 

Changes the time zone manually. —
zone

Select Time Format Selects the digital clock display from 12H to 24H. 12H*1/24H

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  473 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

System Sounds Changes the system sounds volume. —
System 
Volumes Navigation 

Guidance* Changes the navigation guidance volume. —

Touch 
Sets the sensitivity of the touch panel screen. High/Low*1

Sensitivity

HondaLink Lists subscriptions and subscription status for 
Subscriptions —

Subscription Status HondaLink®.
System

English (United 
States)*1/English 

Language Changes the display language. (United Kingdom)/
Korean/French/
Spanish/Arabic

Factory Data Resets all the settings to their factory default. Continue/Cancel
Reset 2 Defaulting All the Settings P. 483

About Displays the Android setting items. —

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models Continued 473



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  474 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

474

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Displays the Android system memory and apps 
App Manager —

information.

Recent Location 
Displays the recent location requests from apps. —

Request from Apps

Selects OFF not to allow apps including the 
Location Setting ON*1/OFF

navigation system* to access the vehicle’s location.

Always interrupt*1/
Inter-

Sets the interruption mode for allowing to notify Don’t interrupt/
Advanced ruption 

System when calls and notifications arrive. Allow only priority 
Options Mode

interruptions

Events and 
Sets priority interruptions of events and reminders. ON*1/OFF

Inter- reminders
ruptions

Calls Sets priority interruptions of calls. ON/OFF*1

Messages Sets priority interruptions of messages. ON/OFF*1

Calls/ Anyone*1/Contacts 
messages Sets priority interruptions of from who. only/Starred 
from contacts only

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  475 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

+ Connect New Pairs a new phone to HFL. —
Device 2 Phone Setup P. 517

Bluetooth
Saved Devices Connects, disconnects, or deletes a paired phone. —

2 Phone Setup P. 517

Network*1/HotSpot/
Change Mode Changes the Wi-Fi mode.

OFF
Wi-Fi

Available Networks/ Displays the available network(s) or current 
—

Connec- Devices connected device(s).
tions Android Auto Sets up the Android Auto connection. —

Apple CarPlay Sets up the Apple CarPlay connection. —

Cabin-
Turns the Honda CabinControl function on and off. ON*1/OFF

Control
Options

CabinControl Connection Displays the Honda CabinControl connection 
—

Information information.

(Device list) Selects functions or deletes a device. —

*1:Default Setting
Continued 475



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  476 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

476

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Seat Position 
Moves the seat rearward when you get in/get out 

Driving Movement at Entry/ ON*1/OFF
of the vehicle. Changes the setting for this feature.

Position Exit
Setup*

Memory Position Turns the driving position memory system on and 
ON*1/OFF

Link off.

-5°F ~ ±0°F*1 ~ +5°F
Adjust Outside Temp (U.S.)

Adjusts the temperature reading by a few degrees.
Display -3°C ~ ±0°C*1 ~ +3°C

(Canada)

Vehicle With Refuel/IGN 
Changes the setting of how to reset trip meter A 

Trip A Reset Timing Off/Manually 
and average fuel economy A.

Reset*1

Meter Setup
With Refuel/IGN 

Changes the setting of how to reset trip meter B 
Trip B Reset Timing Off/Manually 

and average fuel economy B.
Reset*1

Reverse Shift 
Turns the reverse alert tone on and off. ON*1/OFF

Position Beep

Changes the alarm volume, such as the buzzers, 
Adjust Alarm Volume High/Mid*1/Low

warnings, turn signal sound, and so on.

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  477 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Selects whether the turn-by-turn display comes on 
Turn by Turn Display ON*1/OFF

during the route guidance.

Meter Setup Fuel Efficiency 
Turns the ambient meter feature on and off. ON*1/OFF

Backlight

Rear Seat Reminder Turns the Rear Seat Reminder feature on and off. ON*1/OFF

Power Tailgate Changes the keyless setting for when the power Anytime*1/When 
Keyless Open Mode tailgate opens. Unlocked

Off (Manual only)/
Power Power Tailgate Open Changes the setting to open power tailgate by 

On (Power/
Tailgate by Outer Handle tailgate outer handle.

Vehicle Manual)*1
Setup*

Changes the setting to open power tailgate by a 
Hands Free Access 
Power Tailgate* swift forward in and out kicking motion under the ON*1/OFF

rear bumper.

Changes which doors unlock when you grab the Driver Door or 
Door Unlock Mode

driver’s door handle. Tailgate*1/All Doors

Keyless Access Keyless Access Light Causes some exterior lights to flash when you 
ON*1/OFF

Setup Flash unlock/lock the doors.

Causes the beeper to sound when you unlock/lock 
Keyless Access Beep ON*1/OFF

the doors.

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models Continued 477



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  478 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

478

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Remote Start System 
Turns the remote engine start feature on and off. ON*1/OFF

On/Off
Keyless Access 
Setup Changes the settings for the automatic locking the 

Walk Away Auto 
doors when you walk away from the vehicle while Enable/Disable*1

Lock
carrying the remote.

Forward Collision Long/Normal*1/
Changes at which distance CMBSTM alerts.

Warning Distance Short

Causes the system to beep when the system 
ACC Forward Vehicle 

detects a vehicle, or when the vehicle goes out of ON/OFF*1
Detect Beep

Vehicle the ACC with Low Speed Follow range.

Normal*1/Wide/
Road Departure Changes the setting for the road departure 

Driver Assist Warning Only/
Mitigation Setting mitigation system.

System Setup Narrow

Lane Keeping Assist Causes the system to beep when the LKAS is 
ON/OFF*1

Suspend Beep suspended.

Blind Spot Changes the setting for the blind spot information Audible and Visual 
Information* system. Alert*1/Visual Alert

Traffic Sign Selects whether the traffic sign icons come on the 
ON*1/OFF

Recognition driver information interface.

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  479 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

With Vehicle 
Changes the setting for the automatic locking 

Auto Door Lock Speed*1/Shift from 
feature.

P/OFF

All Doors with 
Driver’s Door 

Changes the setting for when the doors unlock Opens*1/All Doors 
Auto Door Unlock

automatically. with Shift to P/All 
Doors with IGN Off/
OFF

Vehicle Door Setup Sets up either the driver’s door or all doors to 
Key and Remote Driver Door*1/All 

unlock on the first push of the remote or built-in 
Unlock Mode Doors

key.

Keyless Lock Answer LOCK/UNLOCK- The exterior lights flash.
ON*1/OFF

Back LOCK (2nd push)- The beeper sounds.

Changes the time it takes for the doors to relock 
90 sec/60 sec/30 

Security Relock Timer and the security system to set after you unlock the 
sec*1

vehicle without opening any door.

Power Slide Door Changes the keyless setting for when the power Anytime*1/When 
Keyless Open Mode* sliding door opens. Unlocked

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models Continued 479



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  480 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

480

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Interior Light Changes the length of time the interior lights stay 60 sec/30 sec*1/15 
Dimming Time on after you close the doors. sec

Headlight Auto Off Changes the length of time the exterior lights stay 60 sec/30 sec/15 
Timer on after you close the driver’s door. sec*1/0 sec

Auto Interior Changes the sensitivity of the brightness of the 
Min/Low/Mid*1/

Lighting Illumination instrument panel when the headlight switch is in 
High/Max

Setup Sensitivity the AUTO position.

Changes the settings for the wiper operation when 
Vehicle Auto Headlight On 

the headlights automatically come on while the ON*1/OFF
with Wiper On

headlight switch is in the AUTO position.

Auto Light Max/High/Mid*1/
Sensitivity* Changes the timing for the headlights to come on.

Low/Min

Wireless 
Charger* Turns the wireless charger feature on and off. ON*1/OFF

Maintenance Resets the engine oil life display when you have 
Oil Life —

Information performed the maintenance service.

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  481 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuFeatures
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Changes the camera view mode when the rear Last Used*1/Normal 
Default Camera View camera monitor is turned on. View/Wide View

2 Multi-View Rear Camera P. 659

Selects whether the guidelines come on the rear 
Rear Camera Dynamic/Fixed/

Guidelines camera monitor. Both*1/OFF
2 Multi-View Rear Camera P. 659

Camera Cross Traffic 
Monitor* Turns the cross traffic monitor on and off. ON*1/OFF

Selects whether the LaneWatch display comes on 
Show with Turn 

when you move the turn signal lever to indicate a ON*1/OFF
Signal

LaneWatch* right turn.

Selects whether the reference lines come on the 
Show Reference Line ON*1/OFF

LaneWatch monitor.

Brightness
Adjusts the settings of the audio/information 

Display Contrast screen.
2 Display Setup P. 330

Black Level

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models Continued 481



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  482 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized Featuresu

482

Features
Setup 
Customizable Features Description Selectable Settings

Group

Bass / Treble

Center / 
Subwoofer 
Volume 
(Subwoofer 
Volume) Adjusts the settings of the audio speakers’ sound.

2 Adjusting the Sound P. 329
Sound Balance / 

Fader

Audio Zones*

Speed Volume 
Compensation

DTS Neural 
Surround*

Notifications Changes the notification settings for apps. —

*1:Default Setting
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  483 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCustomized FeaturesuDefaulting All the Settings

1Defaulting All the Settings
When you transfer the vehicle to a third party, reset 
all settings to default and delete all personal data.

If you perform Factory Data Reset, it will reset the 
preinstalled apps to their factory default.

If you perform Factory Data Reset, you cannot use 
the HondaLink® because it becomes off line.

2 HondaLink® P. 366

Features
Defaulting All the Settings
Reset all the menu and customized settings as the factory defaults.

1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select System.
4. Select Factory Data Reset.
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen.
5. Select Continue to reset the settings.
6. Select Continue again to reset the settings.
u The system will reboot.
483



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  484 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

484

Features
HomeLink® Universal Transceiver*
1HomeLink® Universal Transceiver*

Before programming HomeLink to operate a garage 
door opener, confirm that the opener has an external 
entrapment protection system, such as an “electronic 
eye,” or other safety and reverse stop features. If it 
does not, HomeLink may not be able to operate it.
The HomeLink® Universal Transceiver can be programmed to operate up to three 
remote controlled devices around your home, such as garage doors, lighting, or 
home security systems.

■ Important Safety Precautions
Refer to the safety information that came with your garage door opener to test that 
the safety features are functioning properly. If you do not have the safety 
information, contact the manufacturer.

Before programming HomeLink, make sure that people and objects are out of the 
way of the garage or gate to prevent potential injury or damage.

When programming a garage door opener, park just outside the garage door’s path.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  485 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHomeLink® Universal Transceiver*uTraining HomeLinkFeatures
Training HomeLink
If it is necessary to erase a previously entered 

Indicator learned code:
I HomeLink • Press and hold the I and III HomeLink 
Button buttons for about 10 seconds, until the 

green indicator blinks. Release the buttons, 
and proceed to step 1.

• If you are training the second or third 
button, go directly to step 1.

III HomeLink 
Button

The instructions on the next page should work for most gate or garage openers, but 
may not work for all. For detailed instructions about your specific remote opener, 
visit http://www.homelink.com or call (800) 355-3515.
Continued 485



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  486 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHomeLink® Universal Transceiver*uTraining HomeLink

1Training HomeLink
Reprogramming a Button
If you want to retrain a programmed button for a 
new device, you do not have to erase all button 
memory. You can replace the existing memory code 
using this procedure:

1. Press and hold the desired HomeLink button until 
the HomeLink indicator begins to slowly flash 
orange. This should take about 20 seconds.

2. Release the HomeLink button and position the 
remote transmitter you wish to link 1 - 3 inches 
(3 - 8 cm) from the HomeLink button you want to 
program, then follow steps 3 - 6 under 
“programming a button.”

Erasing Button Memory
To erase programming from the buttons, press and hold 
the two outside HomeLink buttons until the HomeLink 
indicator changes from orange to rapidly flashing green. 
This should take about 10 seconds. You should erase all 
programming before selling the vehicle.

Operating
To operate, simple press and release the 
programmed HomeLink button. Activation will now 
occur for the trained device.

Questions
For questions or comments, visit 
www.HomeLink.com, www.youtube.com/
HomeLinkGentex, or by calling the HomeLink Hotline 
(North America only) at (800) 355-3515.

HomeLink® is a registered trademark of Gentex 
Corporation.

486

Features
■Programming a Button
1. Position the remote transmitter you wish to link 1 to 3 inches (3 - 8 cm) from the 

HomeLink® button you want to program.

2. Press and release the desired HomeLink button. Is the HomeLink indicator (LED) slowly 
flashing orange? 

YES NO

3a. Hold the button on the remote 3b. Canadian Garage Door Opener
transmitter. Does HomeLink indicator A. Press and release the HomeLink 
(LED) change from slowly flashing button. Press, hold and release the 
orange to rapidly flashing green or 
continuously on green? The process button on the remote every 2 secs. 
should take less than 60 seconds. Does the HomeLink indicator (LED) 

change from slowly flashing orange to 

4. Press and hold the programmed HomeLink rapidly flashing or continuously on 
button for about a second. Does the device green? The process should take less 
(garage door opener) work? than 60 seconds.

YES NO

5. Press and hold the HomeLink button again.
Training 
Complete HomeLink LED is HomeLink indicator rapidly flashes 

continuously on green. green.

6. Press and hold the HomeLink button 5a. The remote has a rolling code. Press the 
again. “learn” button on the remote-controlled 
The remote-controlled device should device (e.g. garage door opener).
operate.

5b. Within 30 secs, press and hold the 
Training Complete programmed HomeLink button for 2 

secs.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  487 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®
1Using HFL
Place your phone where you can get good reception.

To use HFL, you need a Bluetooth-compatible cell 
phone. For a list of compatible phones, pairing 
procedures, and special feature capabilities:
• U.S.: Visit automobiles.honda.com/handsfreelink/, 

or call 1-888-528-7876.
• Canada: For more information on smartphone 

compatibility, call 1-888-528-7876.

Voice control tips
• Aim the vents away from the ceiling and close the 

windows, as noise coming from them may interfere 
with the microphone.

• Press and release the  button when you want to 
call a number using a stored voice tag. Speak 
clearly and naturally after a beep.

• If the microphone picks up voices other than yours, 
the command may be misinterpreted.

• To change the volume level, use the audio system’s 
volume knob or the remote audio controls on the 
steering wheel.

State or local laws may prohibit the operation of 
handheld electronic devices while operating a 
vehicle.

Features
Models with color audio system
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® (HFL) allows you to place and receive phone calls using 
your vehicle’s audio system, without handling your cell phone.

Using HFL
■HFL Buttons

Volume up

 (Phone) Button

Volume down
 (Talk) Button

 (Hang-up/Back) Selector Knob
Button

 (Pick-up) Button

 (Pick-up) button: Press to go directly to the Phone screen or to answer an 
incoming call.

 (Hang-up/Back) button: Press to end a call or to cancel a command.
 (Talk) button: Press to call a number with a stored voice tag.
 (Phone) button: Press to go directly to the Phone screen.

Selector knob: Rotate  to select an item on the screen, then press .
Continued 487



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  488 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uUsing HFL

1Using HFL
If you receive a call while using the audio system, the 
system resumes its operation after ending the call.

Up to 20 speed dial entries can be stored. If there is 
no entry in the system, Speed Dial is disabled.

2 Speed Dial P. 502

Up to 20 call histories can be stored. If there is no call 
history, Call History is disabled.

Bluetooth® Wireless Technology
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered 
trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any 
use of such marks by Honda Motor Co., Ltd., is under 
license. Other trademarks and trade names are those 
of their respective owners.

HFL Limitations
An incoming call on HFL will interrupt the audio 
system when it is playing. It will resume when the call 
is ended.

1HFL Status Display
The information that appears on the audio/
information screen varies between phone models.

488

Features
■HFL Status Display
The audio/information screen notifies you 

Battery Level Status when there is an incoming call.
Signal Strength

Roaming Status
Bluetooth Indicator
Appears when your 
phone is connected 
to HFL.

HFL Mode
Caller’s Name

■ Limitations for Manual Operation
Certain manual functions are disabled or inoperable while the vehicle is in motion. 
You cannot select a grayed-out option until the vehicle is stopped.

Only previously stored speed dial entries can be called using voice commands while 
the vehicle is in motion.

2 Speed Dial P. 502



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  489 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1HFL Menus
To use HFL, you must first pair your Bluetooth-
compatible cell phone to the system while the vehicle 
is parked.

Some functions are limited while driving. A message 
appears on the screen when the vehicle is moving 
and the operation is canceled.

Select a phone number from the call history to 
store as a speed dial number.

Select a phone number from the phonebook to 
store as a speed dial number.

Enter a phone number to store as a speed dial 
number.

ng calls.

ng calls.

 calls.

Features
HFL Menus
The power mode must be in ACCESSORY or ON to use the system.

 or 

Phone Speed Dial*1 Add New

Call History

Phonebook

(Existing entry list) Phone Number

Call History*1 Dialed Calls Display the last 20 outgoi

Received Calls Display the last 20 incomi

Missed Calls Display the last 20 missed

Phonebook*1 Display the paired phone’s phonebook.

Dial*1 Enter a phone number to dial.

*1: Appears only when a phone is connected to HFL.
Continued 489



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  490 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

490

Features
Redial*1 Redial the last number dialed in the phone’s history.

Phone Setup Bluetooth Setup Add New Device Pair a phone to the system.

Connect a Phone Connect a phone to the system.

Connect an Audio Device Connect a Bluetooth® Audio device to the 
system.

Disconnect All Devices Disconnect a paired device from the system.

Delete Device Delete a previously paired device.

Pass-Key Change a pairing code.

*1: Appears only when a phone is connected to HFL.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  491 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
Add New
Speed Dial*1 Call History Select a phone number from the call history 

to store as a speed dial number.

Select a phone number from the phonebook 
Phonebook to store as a speed dial number.

Phone Number Enter a phone number to store as a speed dial 
number.

Existing entry list
Change Speed Dial Change a previously stored speed dial 

number.

Delete Speed Dial Delete a previously stored speed dial number.

Store Voice Tag Create a voice tag for a speed dial number.

Change Voice Tag Change a voice tag for a speed dial number.

Delete Voice Tag Delete a voice tag for a speed dial number.
*1: Appears only when a phone is connected to HFL.
Continued 491



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  492 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

492

Features
Ringtone Mobile Phone Select the ring tone stored in the connected 
cell phone.

Fixed Select the ring tone stored in HFL.

Caller ID Info Name Priority Prioritize the caller’s name as the caller ID.

Number Priority Prioritize the caller’s phone number as the 
caller ID.

System Clear Clear the system of all paired phones, phonebook entries, 
and security codes.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  493 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Phone Setup
Your Bluetooth-compatible phone must be paired to 
HFL before you can make and receive hands-free 
calls.

Phone Pairing Tips:
• You cannot pair your phone while the vehicle is 

moving.
• Up to six phones can be paired.
• Your phone’s battery may drain faster when it is 

connected to HFL.
• If your phone is not ready for pairing or not found 

by the system within three minutes, the system will 
time out and return to idle.

Once you have paired a phone, you can see it 
displayed on the screen with one or two icons on the 
right side.
These icons indicate the following:

: The phone can be used with HFL.
: The phone is compatible with Bluetooth® Audio.

Features
■Phone Setup
■ To pair a cell phone (when there is no 

phone paired to the system)
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Yes, then press .
3. Make sure your phone is in search or 

discoverable mode, then press .
u HFL automatically searches for a 

Bluetooth® device.
4. When your phone appears on the list, select 

it by pressing .
u If your phone does not appear, select 

Phone Not Found? and search for 
Bluetooth® devices using your phone. 
From your phone, select 
HandsFreeLink.

5. The system gives you a pairing code on the 
audio/information screen.
u Confirm if the pairing code on the screen 

and your phone match.
This may vary by phone.

6. A notification appears on the screen if 
pairing is successful.
Continued 493



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  494 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

494

Features
■ To pair a cell phone (when a phone has 
already been paired to the system)

1. Press the  button or the  button.
u If a prompt appears asking to connect to 

a phone, select No and proceed with 
step 2.

2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 
press .

3. Rotate  to select Bluetooth Setup, then 
press .

4. Rotate  to select Add New Device, then 
press .



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  495 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
5. Make sure your phone is in search or 
discoverable mode, then press .
u HFL automatically searches for a 

Bluetooth® device.

6. When your phone appears on the list, select 
it by pressing .
u If your phone does not appear, select 

Phone Not Found? and search for 
Bluetooth® devices using your phone. 
From your phone, select 
HandsFreeLink.

7. The system gives you a pairing code on the 
audio/information screen.
u Confirm if the pairing code on the screen 

and your phone match.
This may vary by a phone.
Continued 495



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  496 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

496

Features
■ To change the currently paired phone
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Bluetooth Setup, then 

press .

4. Rotate  to select Connect a Phone, 
then press .
u The screen changes to a device list.

5. Rotate  to select a desired device name, 
then press .
u HFL disconnects the connected phone 

and starts searching for another paired 
phone.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  497 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■ To change the pairing code setting
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Bluetooth Setup, then 

press .

4. Rotate  to select Pass-Key, then press 
.

5. Input a new pairing code, then press .
Continued 497



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  498 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

498

Features
■ To delete a paired phone
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Bluetooth Setup, then 

press .
4. Rotate  to select Delete Device, then 

press .
u The screen changes to a device list.

5. Rotate  to select a phone you want to 
delete, then press .

6. A confirmation message appears on the 
screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then press 

.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  499 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Ring Tone
Mobile Phone: For certain connected phones, the 
ring tone stored in the phone sounds from the 
speakers.
Fixed: The fixed ring tone sounds from the speakers.

1Caller’s ID Information
Name Priority: A caller’s name is displayed if it is 
stored in the phonebook.
Number Priority: A caller’s phone number is 
displayed.

Features
■Ring Tone
You can change the ring tone setting.

1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Ringtone, then press 

.
4. Rotate  to select Mobile Phone or 

Fixed, then press .

■Caller’s ID Information
You can select a caller’s information to be displayed when you have an incoming 
call.

1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Caller ID Info, then 

press .
4. Rotate  to select a mode you want, then 

press .
Continued 499



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  500 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

500

Features
■To Clear the System
All speed dial entries, all imported phonebook data, all call history data, paired 
phones, pairing codes, caller’s ID settings, and volume settings are reset as default.

1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select System Clear, then 

press .
4. Rotate  to select Yes, then press .

5. A confirmation message appears on the 
screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then press 

.

6. A notification appears on the screen. Press 
.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  501 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Automatic Import of Cellular Phonebook and Call History
When you select a name from the list in the cellular 
phonebook, you can see up to three category icons. 
The icons indicate what types of numbers are stored 
for that name.

Pref Fax

Home Car

Mobile Other

Work Voice

Pager

If a name has four or more numbers, ... appears 
instead of category icons.

On some phones, it may not be possible to import the 
category icons to HFL.

The phonebook is updated after every connection. 
Call history is updated after every connection or call.

Features
■Automatic Import of Cellular Phonebook and Call History
When your phone is paired, the contents of its phonebook and call history are 
automatically imported to HFL.
Continued 501



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  502 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Speed Dial
You can use the audio preset buttons during a call to 
store a speed dial number:
1. Press and hold the desired audio preset button 

during a call.
2. The contact information for the active call will be 

stored for the corresponding speed dial.

When a voice tag is stored, you can press the  
button and call the number using voice commands.

502

Features
■Speed Dial
Up to 20 speed dial numbers can be stored per phone.

To store a speed dial number:
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
3. Rotate  to select Add New, then press 

.
4. Rotate  to select a place to choose a 

number from, then press .
From Call History:
u Select a number from the call history.
From Phonebook:
u Select a number from the connected cell 

phone’s imported phonebook.
From Phone Number:
u Input the number manually.

5. When the speed dial is successfully stored, 
you are asked to create a voice tag for the 
number. Rotate  to select Yes or No, 
then press .

6. Using the  button, follow the prompts to 
say the name for the speed dial entry.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  503 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■ To edit a speed dial
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
4. Select an existing speed dial entry.
5. Rotate  to select Change Speed Dial, 

then press .
6. Select a new speed dial number, then press 

.

■ To delete a speed dial number
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
4. Select an existing speed dial entry.
5. Rotate  to select Delete Speed Dial, 

then press .
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then 
press .
Continued 503



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  504 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Speed Dial
Avoid using duplicate voice tags.
Avoid using “home” as a voice tag.
It is easier for HFL to recognize a longer name. For 
example, use “John Smith” instead of “John.”

504

Features
■ To add a voice tag to a stored speed 
dial number

1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
4. Select an existing speed dial entry.
5. Rotate  to select Store Voice Tag, then 

press .
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then 
press .

6. Using the  button, follow the prompts to 
complete the voice tag.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  505 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■ To change a voice tag
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
4. Select an existing speed dial entry.
5. Rotate  to select Change Voice Tag, 

then press .
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then 
press .

6. Using the  button, follow the prompts to 
complete the voice tag.

■ To delete a voice tag
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phone Setup, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
4. Select an existing speed dial entry.
5. Rotate  to select Delete Voice Tag, 

then press .
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Rotate  to select Yes, then 
press .
Continued 505



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  506 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Making a Call
Voice-tagged speed dial entries can be dialed by 
voice from any screen.
Press the  button and follow the prompts.

Once a call is connected, you can hear the voice of 
the person you are calling through the audio 
speakers.

506

Features
■Making a Call
You can make calls by inputting any phone number, or by using the imported 
phonebook, call history, speed dial entries, or redial.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  507 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To make a call using the imported phonebook
This function is disabled while the vehicle is moving. 
However, you can call a stored voice-tagged speed 
dial number using voice commands.

2 Limitations for Manual Operation P. 488
2 Speed Dial P. 502

1To make a call using a phone number
This function is disabled while the vehicle is moving. 
However, you can call a stored voice-tagged speed 
dial number using voice commands.

2 Limitations for Manual Operation P. 488
2 Speed Dial P. 502

Features
■ To make a call using the imported 
phonebook

When your phone is paired, the contents of its 
phonebook are automatically imported to 
HFL.
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Phonebook, then 

press .
3. The phonebook is stored alphabetically. 

Rotate  to select the initial, then press 
.

4. Rotate  to select a name, then press .
5. Rotate  to select a number, then press 

.
u Dialing starts automatically.

■ To make a call using a phone number
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Dial, then press .
3. Rotate  to select a number, then press 

.
4. Rotate  to select , then press .
u Dialing starts automatically.
Continued 507



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  508 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To make a call using redial
Press and hold the  button to redial the last 
number dialed in your phone’s call history.

1To make a call using the call history
The call history appears only when a phone is 
connected to HFL, and displays the last 20 dialed, 
received, or missed calls. (Appears only when a 
phone is connected to the system.)

508

Features
■ To make a call using redial
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Redial, then press .
u Dialing starts automatically.

■ To make a call using the call history
Call history is stored by Dialed Calls, 
Received Calls, and Missed Calls.
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Call History, then 

press .
3. Rotate  to select Dialed Calls, Received 

Calls, or Missed Calls, then press .
4. Rotate  to select a number, then press 

.
u Dialing starts automatically.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  509 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To make a call using a speed dial entry
On the Phone screen, the first six speed dials on the 
list can be directly selected by pressing the 
corresponding audio preset buttons (1-6).

Select Others to view another paired phone’s speed 
dial list.

When a voice tag is stored, press the  button and 
call the number using voice commands.

2 Speed Dial P. 502

Voice-tagged speed dial entries can be dialed by 
voice from any screen. Press the  button and 
follow the prompts.

Features
■ To make a call using a speed dial entry
1. Press the  button or the  button.
2. Rotate  to select Speed Dial, then press 

.
3. Rotate  to select a number, then press 

.
u Dialing starts automatically.
Continued 509



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  510 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Receiving a Call
Call Waiting
Press the  button to put the current call on hold to 
answer the incoming call.
Press the  button again to return to the current 
call.
Select Ignore to ignore the incoming call if you do 
not want to answer it.
Press the  button if you want to hang up the 
current call.

You can select the icons on the audio/information 
screen instead of the  and  buttons. Rotate 

 to select the icon, then press .

510

Features
■Receiving a Call
When there is an incoming call, an audible 

HFL Mode
notification sounds and the Incoming Call 
screen appears.
Press the  button to answer the call.
Press the  button to decline or end the 
call.

Caller’s Name



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  511 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Options During a Call
Dial Tones: Available on some phones.

Features
■Options During a Call
The following options are available during a call.
Swap Call: Put the current call on hold to answer the incoming call.
Mute: Mute your voice.
Transfer Call: Transfer a call from HFL to your phone.
Dial Tones: Send numbers during a call. This is useful when you call a menu-driven 
phone system.

Rotate  to select the option, then press .
u The check box is checked when Mute is 

selected. Select Mute again to turn it off.
511



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  512 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

512

Features
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®
1Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®
Place your phone where you can get good reception.

To use HFL, you need a Bluetooth-compatible cell 
phone. For a list of compatible phones, pairing 
procedures, and special feature capabilities, ask a 
dealer or your Honda dealer.

To use the system, the Bluetooth setting must be 
ON.

2 Phone Setup P. 517

Voice control tips
• Aim the vents away from the ceiling and close the 

windows, as noise coming from them may interfere 
with the microphones.

• Press the  button when you want to call a 
number using a phonebook name or a number. 
Speak clearly and naturally after a beep.

• If the microphones pick up voices other than yours, 
the command may be misinterpreted.

• To change the volume level, select the audio 
system’s VOL (Volume) or use the remote audio 
controls on the steering wheel.

If there is no speed dial entry in the system, the pop-
up notification appears on the screen.

2 Favorite Contacts P. 522

If there is no call history, the call history is disabled.
Models with Display Audio
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® (HFL) allows you to place and receive phone calls using 
your vehicle’s audio system, without handling your cell phone.

Using HFL
■HFL Buttons

 (Back) Button
3 /4 / /  Buttons

ENTER Button
Volume up

Volume down

 (Home) Button

 (Talk) Button
 (Hang-up) Button

 (Pick-up) Button



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  513 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uUsing HFL

1Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink®
Bluetooth® Wireless Technology
The Bluetooth® word mark and logos are registered 
trademarks owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc., and any 
use of such marks by Honda Motor Co., Ltd., is under 
license. Other trademarks and trade names are those 
of their respective owners.

HFL Limitations
An incoming call on HFL will interrupt the audio 
system when it is playing. It will resume when the call 
is ended.

Features
 (Pick-up) button: Press to go directly to the phone screen of the driver 
information interface, or to answer an incoming call.

 (Hang-up) button: Press to end a call.
 (Back) button: Press to go back to the previous screen, or cancel a command.

 (Talk) button: Press to access Voice Portal.
3 / 4 / /  buttons: Press to select an item displayed on the phone screen 
of the driver information interface.
ENTER button: Press to call a number listed in the selected item on the phone 
screen of the driver information interface.

 (Home) button: Press to go back to the home screen of the driver information 
interface.

To go to the phone screen of the driver information interface:
1. Press the  (home) button on the steering wheel.
2. Select Phone.
u You can select Favorite Contacts or Recent Calls.
Continued 513



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  514 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uUsing HFL

1HFL Status Display
The information that appears on the audio/
information screen varies between phone models.

514

Features
■HFL Status Display
The audio/information screen notifies you when there is an incoming call.

Bluetooth Indicator Signal Strength
Appears when your phone is Battery Level Status
connected to HFL.

HFL Mode

Caller’s Name
Caller’s Number

■ Limitations for Manual Operation
Certain manual functions are disabled or inoperable while the vehicle is in motion. 
You cannot select a grayed-out option until the vehicle is stopped.

Only previously stored phonebook names or numbers can be called using voice 
commands while the vehicle is in motion.

2 Favorite Contacts P. 522



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  515 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1HFL Menus
To use HFL, you must first pair your Bluetooth-
compatible cell phone to the system while the vehicle 
is parked.

Some functions are limited while driving.

o the system.

ct, or delete a paired device.

tically imported when a phone is paired to HFL.

e to HFL when you enter the vehicle.

Features
HFL Menus
The power mode must be in ACCESSORY or ON to use the system.

■ Phone settings screen
1. Select .
2. Select Phone.
3. Select Settings.

Change Connected Phone + Connect New Device Pair a new phone t

(Existing entry list) Connect, disconne

Auto Sync Phone Set phonebook and call history data to be automa

Auto Phone Call Transfer Set calls to automatically transfer from your phon

Ringtone Select the ring tone.

HondaLink Assist Turn HondaLink® Assist on and off.
Continued 515



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  516 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

oming and missed calls.

.

s.

 in the speed dial list.

516

Features
■ Phone menu screen
1. Select .
2. Select Phone.

Recent Calls All Display the last outgoing, inc

Dialed Display the last outgoing calls

Missed Display the last missed calls.

Received Display the last incoming call

Favorite Contacts (Existing entry list) Dial the selected number

Contacts Display the paired phone’s phonebook.

Keypad Enter a phone number to dial.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  517 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■Phone Setup
■Bluetooth® setup
You can turn Bluetooth® function on and off.
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Connections.
4. Select Bluetooth.
5. Select Options.
6. Select Bluetooth, then ON.
Continued 517



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  518 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Phone Setup
Your Bluetooth-compatible phone must be paired to 
the system before you can make and receive hands-
free calls.

Phone Pairing Tips:
• You cannot pair your phone while the vehicle is 

moving.
• Up to six phones can be paired.
• Your phone’s battery may drain faster when it is 

paired to the system.
• If your phone is not ready for pairing or not found 

by the system within three minutes, the system will 
time out and return to idle.

Once you have paired a phone, you can see it 
displayed on the screen with one or more icons on 
the right side.
These icons indicate the following:

: The phone is compatible with Bluetooth® Audio.
: The phone can be used with HFL.
: The phone can be used with the internet 

tethering.

If there is an active connection to Apple CarPlay or 
Android Auto, pairing of additional Bluetooth 
compatible devices is unavailable and + Connect 
New Device is grayed out from the Bluetooth 
screen.

518

Features
■ To pair a cell phone (when there is no 
phone paired to the system)

1. Select .
2. Select Phone.
3. Select Connect Phone.
4. Make sure your phone is in search or 

discoverable mode, then select + Connect 
New Device.
u HFL automatically searches for a 

Bluetooth® device.
5. Select your phone when it appears on the 

list.
u If your phone still does not appear, 

search for Bluetooth® devices using your 
phone.
From your phone, search for HandsFree 
Link.

6. The system gives you a pairing code on the 
audio/information screen.
u Confirm if the pairing code on the screen 

and your phone match.
This may vary by phone.

7. Select desired functions and then select 
Connect.
u A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Continue or Connect 
without Internet.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  519 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To change the currently paired phone
If no other phones are found or paired when trying to 
switch to another phone, HFL will inform you that the 
original phone is connected again.

To pair other phones, select + Connect New Device 
from the Bluetooth screen.

Features
■ To change the currently paired phone
1. Go to the phone settings screen.

2 Phone settings screen P. 515
2. Select Change Connected Phone.
3. Select a phone to connect.
u HFL disconnects the connected phone 

and starts searching for another paired 
phone.

4. Select ,  or .
5. Select Apply.

■ To delete a paired phone
1. Go to the phone settings screen.

2 Phone settings screen P. 515
2. Select Change Connected Phone.
3. Select a phone you want to delete.

4. Select Delete Device.
5. A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Delete.
Continued 519



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  520 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Ring Tone
Vehicle: The fixed ring tone sounds from the 
speakers.
Phone: Depending on the make and model of the 
mobile phone, the ring tone stored in the phone will 
sound if the phone is connected. 

520

Features
■Ring Tone
You can change the ring tone setting.

1. Go to the phone settings screen.
2 Phone settings screen P. 515

2. Select Ringtone.
3. Select Vehicle or Phone.

■Automatic Transferring
If you get into the vehicle while you are on the phone, the call can be automatically 
transferred to HFL.

1. Go to the phone settings screen.
2 Phone settings screen P. 515

Phone Navigation FM 12:34 2. Select Auto Phone Call Transfer.
Auto Phone Call Transfer

3. Select ON or OFF.
When vehicle is turned on, automatically transfer an
active call from device to vehicle speakers.

ON OFF



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  521 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Automatic Import of Cellular Phonebook and Call History
When you select a name from the list in the cellular 
phonebook, you can see a category icon. The icons 
indicate what types of numbers are stored for that 
name.

Mobile Work

Home Other

On some phones, it may not be possible to import the 
category icons to the system.

The phonebook is updated after every connection.
Call history is updated after every connection or call.

Features
■Automatic Import of Cellular Phonebook and Call History
■When Automatic Phone Sync is set to 

On:
When your phone is paired, the contents of its 
phonebook and call history are automatically 
imported to the system.

■Changing the Automatic Phone Sync 
setting

1. Go to the phone settings screen.
2 Phone settings screen P. 515

2. Select Auto Sync Phone.
3. Select ON or OFF.
Continued 521



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  522 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

522

Features
■ Favorite Contacts
To store a speed dial number:

Recent Calls Screen 1. Go to the phone menu screen.
2 Phone menu screen P. 516

2. Select the Recent Calls, Contacts, or 
Keypad screen.

3. Select the star icon.
u A notification appears on the screen if 

Star Icon the speed dial is successfully stored.
u To remove the speed dial, select the star 

Contacts Screen icon again.

Star Icon

Keypad Screen

Star Icon



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  523 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■ To edit a speed dial
1. Go to the phone menu screen.

2 Phone menu screen P. 516
2. Select Favorite Contacts.
3. Select Edit on the speed dial entry you 

want to edit.
4. Select a setting you want.

■ To delete a speed dial
1. Go to the phone menu screen.

2 Phone menu screen P. 516
2. Select Favorite Contacts.
3. Select Edit on the speed dial entry you 

want to delete.
4. Select Remove Contact.
5. A confirmation message appears on the 

screen. Select Continue.
Continued 523



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  524 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Making a Call
Once a call is connected, you can hear the voice of 
the person you are calling through the audio 
speakers.

While there is an active connection with Apple 
CarPlay, phone calls cannot be made with 
HandsFreeLink® and are only made from Apple 
CarPlay.

524

Features
■Making a Call
You can make calls by inputting any phone 
number, or by using the imported 
phonebook, call history, or speed dial entries.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  525 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL MenusFeatures
■ To make a call using the imported 
phonebook

1. Go to the phone menu screen.
2 Phone menu screen P. 516

2. Select Contacts.
3. Select a name.
u You can sort by First Name or Last 

Name. Select the icon on the upper right 
of the screen.

4. Select a number.
u Dialing starts automatically.

■ To make a call using a phone number
1. Go to the phone menu screen.

2 Phone menu screen P. 516
2. Select Keypad.
3. Select a number.
u Use the keyboard on the touch screen for 

entering numbers.
4. Select Call.
u Dialing starts automatically.
Continued 525



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  526 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To make a call using the call history
The call history appears only when a phone is 
connected to the system.

526

Features
■ To make a call using the call history
Call history is stored by All, Dialed, Missed, 
and Received.
1. Go to the phone menu screen.

2 Phone menu screen P. 516
2. Select Recent Calls.
u You can sort by All, Dialed, Missed, or 

Received. Select the icon on the upper 
right of the screen.

3. Select a number.
u Dialing starts automatically.

■ To make a call using a speed dial entry
1. Go to the phone menu screen.

2 Phone menu screen P. 516
2. Select Favorite Contacts.
u You can change the order of speed dial 

entries by selecting Reorder.
3. Select a number.
u Dialing starts automatically.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  527 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Receiving a Call
Call Waiting
Press the  button to put the current call on hold to 
answer the incoming call.
Press the  button again to return to the current 
call.

Select Ignore to ignore the incoming call if you do 
not want to answer it.
Press the  button if you want to hang up the 
current call.

You can select the icons on the audio/information 
screen instead of the  and  buttons.

1Options During a Call
Keypad: Available on some phones.

You can select the icons on the audio/information 
screen.

Features
■Receiving a Call
When there is an incoming call, an audible 
notification sounds (if activated) and the 
Incoming Call... screen appears. 

Press the  button to answer the call.
Press the  button to decline or end the 
call.

■Options During a Call
The following options are available during a call.
Mute: Mute your voice.
Use Handheld: Transfer a call from the system to your phone.
Keypad: Send numbers during a call. This is useful when you call a menu-driven 
phone system.

Mute Icon The available options are shown on the lower 
half of the screen.

XXXX.. .
Phone Navigation FM 12:34

In-Call

Select the option.
XXXXX

Preferred u The mute icon appears when Mute is 
selected. Select Mute again to turn it off.

Hang Up Keypad Mute Use Handheld
Continued 527



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  528 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To Set Up Text Message Options
To use the text message function, it may be necessary 
to set up on your phone.

1To turn on or off the text message notice
ON: A pop-up notification comes on every time you 
receive a new message.
OFF: The message you receive is stored in the system 
without notification.

528

Features
■To Set Up Text Message Options
■ To turn on or off the text message 

notice
1. Select .
2. Select Messages.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Notifications.
5. Select ON or OFF.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  529 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Receiving a Text Message
The system does not display any received messages 
while you are driving. You can only hear them read 
aloud.

The system can only receive messages that are sent a 
text (SMS) messages. The message sent using the 
data services will not be displayed in the list.

With some phones, you may be able to display up to 
20 of the last text messages received.

State or local laws may limit your use of the HFL text 
message feature. Only use the text message feature 
when conditions allow you to do so safely.

Features
■Receiving a Text Message
HFL can display newly received text messages as well as the last 20 messages 
received on a linked cell phone. Each received message can be read aloud and 
replied to using a fixed common phrase.

1. A pop-up appears and notifies you of a new 
text message.

2. Select Open to display the message.
u The text message is displayed.

3. Select Play to listen to the message. To 
discontinue the message read-out, select 
Stop.
Continued 529



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  530 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Selecting a Phone
You can only receive notifications from one phone at 
a time.

530

Features
■Selecting a Phone
You can select one from the Bluetooth® device list to be active and receive 
notifications.

1. Select .
2. Select Messages.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Change Connected Phone.
5. Change a desired phone.

2 To change the currently paired phone 
P. 519



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  531 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Displaying Messages
The  (blue) icon appears next to an unread 
message.

If you delete a message on the phone, the message 
will also be deleted from the system. If you send a 
message from the system, the message goes to your 
phone’s outbox.

To see the previous or next message, select  Prev 
or Next  on the message screen.

Features
■Displaying Messages
Message List 1. Select .

2. Select Messages.
u Select a phone if necessary.

3. Select a message.
u The text message is displayed.

Text Message
Continued 531



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  532 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1Reply to a message
The available fixed reply messages are as follows:
• Talk to you later, I’m driving.
• I’m on my way.
• I’m running late.
• OK
• Yes
• No

You can add a reply message by selecting + Create 
New Message.

2 To edit a reply message P. 533

Only certain phones receive and send messages when 
paired and connected. For a list of compatible 
phones:
• U.S.: Visit automobiles.honda.com/handsfreelink/, 

or call 1-888-528-7876.
• Canada: For more information on smartphone 

compatibility, call 1-888-528-7876.

532

Features
■Read or Stop reading a message
1. Go to the text message screen.
2. Select Play.
u The system starts reading the message 

aloud.
3. Select Pause to stop reading.

Select Play again to start reading the 
message.

■Reply to a message
1. Go to the text message screen.
2. Select Reply.
3. Select the reply message.
u The pop-up menu appears on the screen.

4. Select Send to send the message.
u Message sent appears on the screen 

when the reply message was successfully 
sent.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  533 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To edit a reply message
You can change the order of reply messages by 
selecting Reorder.

Features
■ To edit a reply message
1. Select .
2. Select Messages.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Edit System Replies.
5. Select the reply message you want to edit 

or + Create New Message.
u The on-screen keyboard screen is 

displayed.
6. Enter a reply message, and then select 

Save.

■ To delete a reply message
1. Select .
2. Select Messages.
3. Select Settings.
4. Select Delete System Replies.
5. Select  on the reply message you want to 

delete.
u The pop-up menu appears on the screen.

6. Select Delete.
Continued 533



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  534 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

534

Features
■Making a call to a sender
1. Go to the text message screen.
2. Select Call.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  535 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1In Case of Emergency
If the telematics control unit (TCU)* is unsubscribed 
then HondaLink® Asisst can function through a 
connected cell phone via the USB cable or 
Bluetooth®.

Your vehicle may not be able to connect to the 
operator if the battery level is low, the line is 
disconnected, or you do not have adequate cellular 
coverage.

You cannot use this emergency services when:
• You travel outside the HondaLink® service coverage 

areas.
• There is a problem with the connecting devices, 

such as the microphones, speakers, or the unit 
itself.

You cannot operate other phone-related functions 
using the screen while talking to the operator.
Select Hang Up to terminate the connection to your 
vehicle.

1Automatic collision notification
If the unit fails to connect to the operator, it 
repeatedly tries until it succeeds.

Features
■ In Case of Emergency
■Automatic collision notification

If your vehicle’s airbags deploy or if the unit 
detects that the vehicle is severely impacted, 
your vehicle automatically will attempt to 
connect to the HondaLink® operator. If 
connected, information about your vehicle, its 
location, and its condition can be sent to the 
operator*1; you also can speak to the operator 
when connected. 

IMPORTANT: For vehicles equipped with HondaLink® Assist, owner activation 
constitutes authorization for Honda to collect information from your vehicle needed 
to provide the service, and agreement to the Terms of Use at www.hondalink.com/
TermsAndConditions. In a crash, HondaLink® Assist will attempt to notify emergency 
services but NEITHER HONDA NOR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS GUARANTEE THAT 
SUCH NOTIFICATION WILL OCCUR.

Honda reserves the right to terminate HondaLink® Assist services at any time or for 
any reason, and in the future may not be able to provide services due to changes in, 
or obsolescence of, technology integral to the service or changes in governmental 
regulation.

*1: Depending on your phone and adequate cellular coverage, your vehicle’s location may not 
be sent to the operator.
* Not available on all models Continued 535



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  536 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBluetooth® HandsFreeLink®uHFL Menus

1To enable notification
Setting options:
• ON: Notification is available.
• OFF: Disable the feature.

1Manual operator connection*

Do not press the button while driving. When you 
need to contact the operator, park the vehicle in a 
safe place.

If the unit fails to connect to the operator, it 
automatically cancels the action after three minutes.

If necessary, the cover can be broken to access the 
ASSIST button.

536

Features
■ To enable notification
1. Go to the phone settings screen.

2 Phone settings screen P. 515
2. Select HondaLink Assist.
3. Select ON or OFF.

■Manual operator connection*

If you need to talk to the HondaLink® operator 
in a situation where no airbag has deployed, 

ASSIST you can manually connect to them by pressing 
Button the ASSIST button with the power mode in 

ACCESSORY or ON.
1. Open the cover attached to the ceiling 

console.
2. Press the ASSIST button.
u You are connected to the HondaLink® 

operator.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  537 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
CabinWatch®*
1CabinWatch®*

You can customize the following items by selecting 
Settings on the CabinWatch screen.
• Show At System Start: Selects whether 

CabinWatch is displayed every time you start the 
engine.

• Default View Mode: You can change the screen 
setting every time you turn on CabinWatch.

The CabinWatch camera is equipped near the 
overhead screen.
The camera can also monitor at the nighttime with 
the IR lights.

Camera

IR Lights

For CabinWatch to work properly:
• Do not attach an object, sticker or film to the area 

around the camera.
• Do not touch the camera lens.
• In some low light conditions the IR lights may 

impact color of the camera image.

Features
Your audio system allows you to monitor a view of the second and third row seat’s 
passengers on the audio/information screen.

■How to use
Models with center speaker 1. Select .

2. Select CabinWatch.
u To zoom the desired position, double tap 

or pinch out on the camera image.
u To return to the normal display, double 

tap again or pinch in.
u Select  to mute your voice.
Models with center speaker
u Select  to broadcast to headphones.

Models without center speaker
u Select  to broadcast to the rear 

speakers.
* Not available on all models 537



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  538 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

538

Features
CabinTalk®*
1CabinTalk®*

You can also switch to the CabinTalk screen by 
selecting CabinTalk on the front control panel for 
the Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system.

2 Front Control Panel Operation P. 424

Models with center speaker
When  is selected, you can adjust the speaker 
volume by turning the volume knob.
Your audio system allows you or the front passenger voices to be broadcast to the 
second and third row seat’s passengers using the rear speakers and/or headphones. 

■How to use
Models with center speaker 1. Select .

2. Select CabinTalk.
u Select  to mute your voice.
Models with center speaker
u Select  to broadcast to the rear 

speakers.
u Select  to broadcast to headphones.

Models without center speaker
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  539 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

* Not available on all m
Driving
This chapter discusses driving and refueling.
Before Driving
Driving Preparation .......................... 540
Maximum Load Limit........................ 543

Towing a Trailer
Towing Preparation.......................... 546
Driving Safely with a Trailer .............. 550
Towing Your Vehicle ........................ 551

When Driving
Starting the Engine .......................... 552
Precautions While Driving................. 558
Automatic Transmission ................... 559
Shifting............................................ 560
Auto Idle Stop.................................. 568
ECON Button ................................... 574
odels
Intelligent Traction Management ..... 575
Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic 
Stability Control (ESC), System .............. 576

Agile Handling Assist ....................... 578
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) 
with Tire Fill Assist.......................... 579

Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) - 
Required Federal Explanation ......... 581

Blind spot information System*........ 583
LaneWatchTM*.................................. 586

Honda Sensing® ................................ 588
Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM) .... 591
Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow.......602
Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) .. 618
Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System....627
Traffic Sign Recognition System ....... 632
Front Sensor Camera ....................... 637
Radar Sensor ................................... 639

Braking
Brake System................................... 640
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) ........... 646
Brake Assist System ......................... 647

Parking Your Vehicle
When Stopped ................................ 648
Parking Sensor System* ................... 650
Cross Traffic Monitor* ..................... 655

Multi-View Rear Camera.................. 659
Refueling

Fuel Information .............................. 661
How to Refuel ................................. 662

Fuel Economy and CO2 Emissions.... 664
539



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  540 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

540

Driving
Before Driving
1Exterior Checks

NOTICE
When doors are frozen shut, use warm water around 
the door edges to melt any ice. Do not try to force 
them open, as this can damage the rubber trim 
around the doors. When done, wipe dry to avoid 
further freezing.

Do not pour warm water into the key cylinder.
You will be unable to insert the key if the water 
freezes in the hole.

Heat from the engine and exhaust can ignite 
flammable materials left under the hood, causing a 
fire. If you’ve parked your vehicle for an extended 
period, inspect and remove any debris that may have 
collected, such as dried grass and leaves that have 
fallen or have been carried in for use as a nest by a 
small animal. Also check under the hood for leftover 
flammable materials after you or someone else has 
performed maintenance on your vehicle.
Driving Preparation
Check the following items before you start driving.

■Exterior Checks
• Make sure there are no obstructions on the windows, door mirrors, exterior 

lights, or other parts of the vehicle.
u Remove any frost, snow, or ice.
u Remove any snow on the roof, as this can slip down and obstruct your field of 

vision while driving. If frozen solid, remove ice once it has softened.
u When removing ice from around the wheels, be sure not to damage the wheel 

or wheel components.
• Make sure the hood is securely closed.
u If the hood opens while driving, your front view will be blocked.

• Make sure the tires are in good condition.
u Check air pressures, and check for damage and excessive wear.

2 Checking and Maintaining Tires P. 699
• Make sure there are no people or objects behind or around the vehicle.
u There are blind spots from the inside.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  541 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore DrivinguDriving Preparation

1Interior Checks
The headlight aim is set by the factory, and does not 
need to be adjusted. However, if you regularly carry 
heavy items in the cargo area or tow a trailer, have 
the aiming readjusted at a dealer or by a qualified 
technician.

Driving
■ Interior Checks
• Store or secure all items on board properly.
u Carrying too much cargo, or improperly storing it, can affect your vehicle’s 

handling, stability, stopping distance, and tires, and make it unsafe.
2 Maximum Load Limit P. 543

• Do not pile items higher than the seat height.
u They can block your view and may be thrown forward in the event of sudden 

braking.
• Do not place anything in the front seat footwells. Make sure to secure the floor 

mat.
u An object or unsecured floor mat can interfere with your brake and accelerator 

pedal operation while driving.
• If you have any animals on board, do not let them move around in the vehicle.
u They may interfere with driving and a crash could occur.

• Securely close and lock all doors and the tailgate.
2 Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the Inside P. 166

• Adjust your seating position properly.
u Adjust the head restraint, too.

2 Seats P. 222
2 Adjusting the Front and Second Row Outer and Third Row Outer Head 

Restraints Positions P. 235
• Adjust the mirrors and steering wheel properly for your driving.
u Adjust them while sitting in the proper driving position.

2 Mirrors P. 219
2 Adjusting the Steering Wheel P. 218
Continued 541



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  542 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore DrivinguDriving Preparation

542

Driving
• Be sure items placed on the floor behind the front seats cannot roll under the 
seats.
u They can interfere with the driver’s ability to operate the pedals, the operation 

of the seats, or the operation of the sensors under the seats.
• Everyone in the vehicle must fasten their seat belt.

2 Fastening a Seat Belt P. 43
• Make sure that the indicators in the instrument panel come on when you start the 

vehicle, and go off soon after.
u Always have a dealer check the vehicle if a problem is indicated.

2 Indicators P. 88



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  543 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore DrivinguMaximum Load Limit

1Maximum Load Limit

3WARNING
Overloading or improper loading 
can affect handling and stability 
and cause a crash in which you 
can be hurt or killed.
Follow all load limits and other 
loading guidelines in this manual.

Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR):
The maximum allowable weight of the vehicle, all 
occupants, all accessories, all cargo, and the tongue 
load.

2 Specifications P. 762

Gross Axle Weight Rating (GAWR):
The maximum allowable weight of the vehicle axle.

2 Specifications P. 762

Driving
Maximum Load Limit
Models without second row center seat

The maximum load for your vehicle is 1,173 lbs (532 kg).
Models with second row center seat

The maximum load for your vehicle is 1,340 lbs (608 kg).
All models

See the Tire and Loading Information label attached to the driver’s 
doorjamb.

Label Example

This figure includes the total weight of all occupants, cargo, and 
accessories, and the tongue load if you are towing a trailer.

Steps for Determining Correct Load Limit -
(1)Locate the statement “The combined weight of occupants and 

cargo should never exceed XXX kg or XXX lbs.” on your 
vehicle’s placard.

(2)Determine the combined weight of the driver and passengers 
that will be riding in your vehicle.

(3)Subtract the combined weight of the driver and passengers 
from XXX kg or XXX lbs.
Continued 543



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  544 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore DrivinguMaximum Load Limit

544

Driving
(4)The resulting figure equals the available amount of cargo and 
luggage load capacity. For example, if the “XXX” amount 
equals 1,400 lbs. and there will be five 150 lb. passengers in 
your vehicle, the amount of available cargo and luggage load 
capacity is 650 lbs.
(1,400 - 750 (5 x 150) = 650 lbs.)

(5)Determine the combined weight of luggage and cargo being 
loaded on the vehicle. That weight may not safely exceed the 
available cargo and luggage load capacity calculated in step 4.

(6) If your vehicle will be towing a trailer, load from your trailer will 
be transferred to your vehicle. Consult this manual to 
determine how this reduces the available cargo and luggage 
load capacity of your vehicle.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  545 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore DrivinguMaximum Load Limit

1Maximum Load Limit
Towing a Trailer:
See Towing a Trailer to determine whether your 
vehicle is designed to tow a trailer.

2 Towing a Trailer P. 546

Driving
In addition, the total weight of the vehicle, all occupants, 
accessories, cargo, and trailer tongue load must not exceed the 
Gross Vehicle Weight Rating (GVWR) or the Gross Axle Weight 
Rating (GAWR). Both are on a label on the driver’s doorjamb.

Load Limits Example

Example1

Max Load Passenger Weight Cargo Weight 
1,340 lbs 150 lbs x 2 = 300 lbs 1,040 lbs 
(608 kg) (68 kg x 2 = 136 kg) (472 kg)

Example2

Max Load Passenger Weight Cargo Weight 
1,340 lbs 150 lbs x 5 = 750 lbs 590 lbs 
(608 kg) (68 kg x 5 = 340 kg) (268 kg)
545



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  546 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

546

Driving
Towing a Trailer
1Towing Load Limits

3WARNING
Exceeding any load limit or improperly 
loading your vehicle and trailer can cause a 
crash in which you can be seriously hurt or 
killed.

Check the loading of your vehicle and 
trailer carefully before starting to drive.

Check if all loads are within limits at a public scale.
If a public scale is not available, add the estimated 
weight of your cargo load to the weight of your 
trailer (as quoted by the manufacturer), and then 
measure the tongue load with an appropriate scale or 
tongue gauge or estimate it based on cargo 
distribution. Refer to the trailer owner’s manual for 
additional information.

Break-in Period
Avoid towing a trailer during your vehicle’s first 600 
miles (1,000 km).

Never exceed the gross weight ratings.
Gross weight information

2 Vehicle Specifications P. 762
Towing Preparation
■Towing Load Limits
Your vehicle can tow a trailer if you carefully observe the load limits, use the proper 
equipment, and follow the towing guidelines. Check the load limits before driving.

■ Total trailer weight
Do not exceed the maximum allowable 
weight of the trailer, cargo, and everything in 
or on it shown in the table.
Towing loads in excess of this can seriously 
affect vehicle handling and performance and 
can damage the engine and drivetrain.

Total Load

Number of 
Weight

occupants
2 3,500 lbs (1,587 kg)
3 3,350 lbs (1,520 kg)
4 3,150 lbs (1,429 kg)
5 3,000 lbs (1,360 kg)
6 2,000 lbs (907 kg)
7 800 lbs (363 kg)
8 Towing not recommended

Each weight limit is calculated based on the following conditions:
• Occupants fill seats from the front of the vehicle to the back
• Each occupant weights 150 lbs (68 kg)
• Each occupant has 17.6 lbs (8 kg) of cargo in the cargo area.
Any additional weight, cargo or accessories reduce the maximum trailer weight and 
maximum tongue load.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  547 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTowing a TraileruTowing Preparation

1Towing Equipment and Accessories
Make sure that all equipment is properly installed and 
maintained, and that it meets federal, state, province/
territory, and local regulations.

Consult your trailer maker for proper installation and 
setup of the equipment.
Improper installation and setup can affect the 
handling, stability, and braking performance of your 
vehicle.

Consult your trailer sales or rental agency if any other 
items are recommended or required for your towing 
situation.

The lighting and wiring of trailers can vary by type 
and brand. If a connector is required, it should only 
be installed by a qualified technician.

Driving
■ Tongue load
The weight of the tongue with a fully loaded 
trailer on the hitch should be approximately 
10% of the total trailer weight.

TToonngue Loaadd
• Excessive tongue load reduces front tire traction and steering control. Too little 

tongue load can make the trailer unstable and cause it to sway.

■Towing Equipment and Accessories
Towing equipment varies by the size of your trailer, how much load you are towing, 
and where you are towing.

■Hitches
The hitch must be of an approved type and properly bolted to the underbody.

■Weight distribution hitches
Your vehicle is designed to tow without the need for a load distributing hitch. If you 
wish to use one, please consult your trailer maker for proper installation and set-up.
Improper set-up could degrade the handling, stability, and braking performance of 
your vehicle.
Continued 547



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  548 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTowing a TraileruTowing Preparation

1Towing Equipment and Accessories
Trailer packages and products:
• Ball mount, hitch plug, hitch pin etc.
• Wiring harness kit
• Trailer hitch kit
Are available at a dealer.

1Trailer light
The trailer lighting connector is located behind the 
left side panel in the cargo area.
Even if you are planning to use the non-Honda trailer 
lighting harness and converter, ask a dealer for the 
correct connector and pins.

548

Driving
■ Safety chains
Always use safety chains when you tow a trailer. Leave enough slack to allow the 
trailer to turn corners easily, but do not allow the chains to drag on the ground.

■ Trailer brakes
Recommended for any trailer with a total weight of 1,000 lbs (450 kg) or more:
There are two common types of trailer brakes: surge and electric. Surge brakes are 
common for boat trailers, since the brakes will get wet. If you choose electric brakes, 
be sure they are electronically actuated. Do not attempt to attach trailer brakes to 
your vehicle’s hydraulic system, as it will lower braking effectiveness and create a 
potential hazard.

■ Trailer light
Trailer lights and equipment must comply with federal, state, province/territory, and 
local regulations. Check with your local trailer sales or rental agency for the 
requirements in the area where you plan to tow.

Trailer We recommend that you have a dealer install 
Hazard +B Small a Honda wiring harness and converter. They 
Light Light

are designed for your vehicle.

Stop Left 
Light Turn 

Signal
Small Right Turn 
Light Signal 



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  549 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTowing a TraileruTowing PreparationDriving
■ Sway control
This device can be used if your trailer tends to sway. Your trailer maker can tell you 
what kind of sway control you need and how to install it. Improper installation could 
degrade the handling and stability of your vehicle.

■ Trailer mirrors
Many states, provinces and territories require special exterior mirrors when towing a 
trailer. Install special mirrors whenever you cannot clearly see behind you, or if the 
trailer creates a blind spot.
549



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  550 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTowing a TraileruDriving Safely with a Trailer

1Driving Safely with a Trailer
Operating speed when towing a trailer must not 
exceed 62 mph (100 km/h).

Parking
In addition to the normal precautions, place wheel 
chocks at each of the trailer’s tires.

Remember to unhitch the trailer before changing a 
flat tire. Ask the trailer sales or rental agency where 
and how to store the trailer’s spare tire.

1Towing Speeds and Gears
When towing a fixed-sided trailer (e.g., camper), do 
not exceed 55 mph (88 km/h). At higher speeds, the 
trailer may sway or affect vehicle handling.

550

Driving
Driving Safely with a Trailer
■Things You Need To Know Before Towing a Trailer
• Have the trailer properly serviced and keep it in good condition.
• Make sure that all the weights and load in the vehicle and trailer are within limits.

2 Towing Load Limits P. 546
• Securely attach the hitch, safety chains, and other necessary parts to the trailer.
• Securely store all the items in and on the trailer so that they do not shift while 

driving.
• Check if the lights and brakes on the trailer are working properly.
• Check the pressure of the trailer tires, including the spare.
• Turn off the Auto Idle Stop system using the Auto Idle Stop OFF button. The 

trailer weight can affect your vehicle’s brake effectiveness if Auto Idle Stop is 
activated on a hill while towing a trailer.

■Towing Speeds and Gears
• Drive slower than normal.
• Obey posted speed limits for vehicles with trailers.
• Use the (D  position when towing a trailer on level roads.

■Turning and Braking
• Turn more slowly and with a wider turning arc than normal.
• Allow more time and distance for braking.
• Do not brake or turn suddenly.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  551 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuTowing a TraileruTowing Your VehicleDriving
■Driving in Hilly Terrain
• Monitor your temperature gauge. If it nears the red (Hot) mark, turn off the 

climate control system and reduce speed. Pull to the side of the road safely to cool 
down the engine if necessary.

• Shift to the (S  position if the transmission shifts frequently.

Towing Your Vehicle
Your vehicle is not designed to be towed behind a motor home. If your vehicle needs 
to be towed in an emergency, refer to the emergency towing information.

2 Emergency Towing P. 754
551



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  552 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

552

Driving
When Driving
1Starting the Engine
Keep your foot firmly on the brake pedal when 
starting the engine.
The engine is harder to start in cold weather and in 
thinner air found at altitudes above 8,000 feet (2,400 
meters).

When starting the engine in cold weather, turn off all 
electrical accessories such as the lights, climate 
control system, and rear defogger in order to reduce 
battery drain.

If you live in a region where winter is extremely cold, 
an engine block heater will improve starting and 
warming of the engine. Consult a dealer for details.

If the exhaust system sounds abnormal or you can 
smell exhaust gas inside the vehicle, have your vehicle 
checked by a dealer. There may be a problem with 
the engine or exhaust system.

Bring the remote close to the ENGINE START/STOP 
button if the battery in the remote is weak.

2 If the Remote Battery is Weak P. 735
The engine may not start if the remote is subjected to 
strong radio waves.

Do not hold the ENGINE START/STOP button to 
start the engine.
If the engine does not start, wait at least 30 seconds 
before trying again.
Starting the Engine
1. Make sure the parking brake is applied.
u The parking brake and brake system 

indicator comes on for 15 seconds when 
you press the electric parking brake 
switch.

2. Depress the brake pedal.

Brake Pedal

3. Press the ENGINE START/STOP button 
without depressing the accelerator pedal. 
The engine will crank until it starts.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  553 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguStarting the Engine

1Starting the Engine
The immobilizer system protects your vehicle from 
theft.
If an improperly coded device is used, the engine’s 
fuel system is disabled.

2 Immobilizer System P. 191

Driving
■Stopping the Engine
You can turn the engine off when the vehicle is completely stopped.
1. Put the transmission into (P .
2. Press the ENGINE START/STOP button.
Continued 553



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  554 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguStarting the Engine

1Remote Engine Start with Vehicle Feedback*

3WARNING
Carbon monoxide gas is toxic and can 
rapidly accumulate in closed or even partly 
enclosed areas.
Breathing it can cause unconsciousness and 
even kill you.
Never use the remote engine starter with 
the vehicle parked in a garage or other 
areas with limited ventilation.

The remote engine start may violate local laws.
Before using the remote engine start, check your 
local laws.

If there are buildings and obstacles between your 
vehicle and the remote, the range will be reduced. 
This distance may vary by external electrical 
interference.
The engine may not start by the remote engine start if:
• You have disabled a remote engine start setting 

using the audio/information screen.
• The power mode is not in VEHICLE OFF.
• The transmission is in a position other than (P.
• The hood is open, or any door or the tailgate is 

unlocked.
• You have already used the remote twice to start 

the engine.
• The battery temp is too low or the battery charge is 

too low.

554

Driving
■Remote Engine Start with Vehicle Feedback*

You can remotely start the engine using the  button on the remote.

■ To start the engine

Press the  button, then press and 
hold the  button. Go within the range, 
Some exterior lights flash once. and try again.

LED: Blinks when any button is pressed.

Some exterior lights flash Some exterior lights will 
six times if the engine runs not flash if the engine runs 
successfully. unsuccessfully.

When started remotely, the engine automatically shuts off after 10 minutes of idling 
and/or the brake pedal and ENGINE START/STOP button have not been pressed 
simultaneously.
To extend the run time for another 10 minutes during the first run, press the  
button, then press and hold the  button.
u Some exterior lights flash six times if a 10-minute extension request was 

transmitted successfully.

* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  555 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguStarting the Engine

1Remote Engine Start with Vehicle Feedback*

• Another registered remote is in the vehicle.
• There is any antenna failure.
• The door is unlocked with the built-in key.
• The engine oil pressure is low.
• The engine coolant temperature is extremely high.
• The telematics unit* malfunctions.
• The security system alarm is not set.

The engine may stop while it is running if:
• You do not start the vehicle within 10 minutes of 

starting the engine with the remote.
• The engine is stopped by using the remote.
• The security system alarm is not set.
• The door is unlocked with the built-in key.
• The hood is open, or any door, or the tailgate is 

unlocked.
• Any door is open.
• The transmission is in a position other than (P.
• The engine coolant temperature is extremely high.
• The battery is low.
• The engine oil pressure is low.
• The Malfunction Indicator Lamp comes on if there 

is a problem with the emissions control systems.

Driving
■ To stop the engine
Go within the range, 
and try again.

The exterior lights will not flash when the remote 
is out of the smart entry system range.
The engine will not stop.

Press and hold the  
button for one second.

The exterior lights flash once if 
the engine stops successfully.
* Not available on all models Continued 555



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  556 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguStarting the Engine

1Remote Engine Start with Vehicle Feedback*

While the engine is running, the vehicle will 
automatically precondition inside the vehicle.
When it is warm outside:
• The climate control system is activated in 

recirculation mode.
• The seat ventilation is activated*.
When it is cold outside:
• The defroster is activated at a moderately warm 

temperature.
• The rear defogger and door mirror heaters are 

activated.
• The seat heaters and heated steering wheel* are 

activated.
2 Heated Steering Wheel* P. 256
2 Front Seat Heaters and Seat 

Ventilation* P. 258

556

Driving
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  557 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguStarting the Engine

1Starting to Drive
When the engine was started using the  button on 
the remote*

The engine stops when the gear position is changed 
from (P before the ENGINE START/STOP button is 
pressed. Follow the step 1 when starting to drive.

You can also release the parking brake by pulling the 
electric parking brake switch while depressing the 
brake pedal.
When facing downhill, you can start your vehicle 
more smoothly by manually releasing it with the 
electric parking brake switch than by releasing it with 
the accelerator pedal.

1Hill start assist system
Hill start assist may not prevent the vehicle from 
rolling downhill on a very steep or slippery slope, and 
will not operate on small inclines.

Hill start assist is not a replacement for the parking 
brake.

Hill start assist will operate even when VSA® is 
switched off.

Driving
■Starting to Drive
When the engine was started using the  button on the remote*

1. Depress and hold the brake pedal, then press the ENGINE START/STOP button.
When the engine was started in any case

2. Keeping your right foot on the brake pedal, press the D/S  button. Select (R  
when reversing.

3. With the parking brake applied, release the brake pedal and gently depress the 
accelerator pedal.
u Make sure the parking brake and brake system indicator goes off.

2 Parking Brake P. 640
2 If the Transmission System Indicator Blinks along with the Warning 

Message P. 746

■Hill start assist system
Hill start assist keeps the brake engaged briefly to help prevent the vehicle from 
rolling on inclines as you move your foot from the brake pedal to the accelerator.

Change the gear position to (D or (S  when facing uphill, or (R  when facing 
downhill, then release the brake pedal.
* Not available on all models 557



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  558 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguPrecautions While Driving

1Precautions While Driving

NOTICE
Do not change the gear position while pressing the 
accelerator pedal. You could damage the 
transmission.

NOTICE
If you repeatedly turn the steering wheel at an 
extremely low speed, or hold the steering wheel in 
the full left or right position for a while, the electric 
power steering (EPS) system heats up. The system 
goes into a protective mode, and limits its 
performance. The steering wheel becomes harder 
and harder to operate. Once the system cools down, 
the EPS system is restored.
Repeated operation under these conditions can 
eventually damage the system.

If the power mode is set to ACCESSORY while 
driving, the engine will shut down and all steering 
and brake power assist functions will stop, making it 
difficult to control the vehicle.

Do not select (N while driving as you will lose engine 
braking (and acceleration) performance.

During the first 600 miles (1,000 km) of operation, 
avoid sudden acceleration or full throttle operation so 
as not to damage the engine or powertrain.

Avoid hard braking for the first 200 miles (300 km). 
You should also follow this when the brake pads are 
replaced.

558

Driving
Precautions While Driving
■ In Rain
Avoid driving in deep water and on flooded roads. This can damage the engine or 
driveline, or cause electrical component failure.

■Other Precautions
If there is a strong impact with something under the vehicle, stop in a safe location. 
Check the underside of the vehicle for damage or any fluid leaks.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  559 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAutomatic TransmissionDriving
Automatic Transmission
■Creeping
When the engine runs at higher idle speeds, the creeping force increases.
Keep the brake pedal firmly depressed when stopped.

■Kickdown
Quickly depressing the accelerator pedal while driving uphill may cause the 
transmission to drop to a lower gear, unexpectedly increasing vehicle speed. Depress 
the accelerator pedal carefully, especially on slippery roads and curves.
559



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  560 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

1Shifting

3WARNING
The vehicle can roll away if left unattended 
without confirming that Park is engaged.

A vehicle that rolls away could cause a crash 
resulting in serious injury or death.

Always keep your foot on the brake pedal 
until you have confirmed that (P is shown 
on the gear position indicator.

To prevent malfunction and unintended 
engagement:
• Do not spill any liquids on or around shift buttons.
• Do not place or drop any objects on or around shift 

buttons.
• Do not let passengers or children operate the shift 

buttons.

The beeper sounds and a message appears on the 
driver information interface when you depress the 
accelerator pedal with the gear position in (N.

2 Driver Information Interface Warning and 
Information Messages P. 108

Change the gear position to (D or (R with the brake 
pedal depressed.

When shifting gears in extremely low temperatures 
(−22°F/−30°C), there may be a short delay before the 
shift is indicated in the display. Always confirm you 
are in the correct gear before driving.

560

Driving
Shifting
Change the gear position in accordance with your driving needs.

■ Shift button positions

Park
Used when parking or starting the engine
Transmission is locked

Reverse
Used when reversing

Neutral
Transmission is not locked

Drive/S Position
Each time you press the D/S  button, the mode 
switches between Drive and S Position mode.
Used for:
Drive
● Normal driving (gears change between1st 

and 10th automatically)
● Temporarily driving in the sequential mode
S Position
● Automatically changing gears between 1st 

and 8th (8th gear is used only at high speed)
● Driving in the sequential mode



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  561 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShiftingDriving
■ (P  (park) button
Park your vehicle in a safe place with the 

(P Button power mode in ON, then apply the brakes and 
press the (P  button to put the transmission in 
Park.
The indicators on the sides of the (P  button 
come on.
Continued 561



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  562 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

1Shift Operation

NOTICE
When you change (D to (R and vice versa, depress 
the brake pedal to come to a complete stop, then 
select the intended gear position while maintaining 
brake pressure.

Use the gear position indicator and the shift button 
indicator to check the gear position before selecting 
a shift button.

If the indicator of the currently selected gear position, 
or all the gear position indicators are blinking 
simultaneously, there is a problem with the 
transmission.
Avoid sudden acceleration and have the transmission 
checked by a dealer as soon as possible.

The fuel supply may be cut off if you drive at engine 
speeds in or over the tachometer’s red zone (engine 
speed limit). If this happens, you may experience a 
slight jolt.

When the engine speed is increased while the 
transmission is in (N, (P or (R, the fuel supply may 
be cut off even without the engine speed entering 
the tachometer’s red zone.

The beeper sounds once when you change to (R.
Models with color audio system
2 Vehicle Customization P. 143

Models with Display Audio
2 Customized Features P. 465

562

Driving
■Shift Operation

M (sequential mode) Indicator

Tachometer’s red zone

Sequential Mode Gear Selection 
Indicator
Gear Position Indicator

Press the (P button.

Pull back the (R button.

Press the (N button.

Press the D/S  button.
Each time you press the button, the 
mode switches between Drive and S 
Position mode.

Shift Button 
Indicator



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  563 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

1When opening the driver’s door
You should always select (P before opening the 
driver’s door.
Make sure to park the vehicle in a safe place.

2 When Stopped P. 648

If you want to drive the vehicle after the gear position 
has automatically changed to (P under the described 
conditions, close the door, fasten the seat belt, 
depress the brake pedal, then change the gear 
position.

If you leave the vehicle, turn off the engine and lock 
the doors.

Driving
■When opening the driver’s door
If you open the driver’s door under the following conditions, the gear position 
automatically changes to (P ;
• The vehicle is stationary with the engine running, or moving at 1 mph (2 km/h) or 

slower.
• The transmission is in other than (P .
• You have unfastened the driver side seat belt.
u If you manually change the gear position from (P  with the brake pedal 

depressed, the gear position will automatically return to (P  once you release 
the brake pedal.

■When turning off the power mode
If you turn the engine off while the vehicle is stationary, and the transmission is in 
other than (P, the gear position automatically changes to (P.
Continued 563



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  564 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

1If you want to keep the transmission in (N  position [car wash 
mode]

NOTICE
When transmission is too hot, carwash mode may 
not be available. Let the engine idle and cool down 
transmission.

The transmission may not stay in (N position while 
the following indicator is on:
• Transmission system indicator.
• Malfunction indicator lamp.
• Charging system indicator.

564

Driving
■ If you want to keep the transmission in (N  position [car wash mode]
With the engine running:
1. Press and hold the brake pedal.
2. Select (N, then release the button to display (Neutral) (N hold mode on the driver 

information interface.
3. Press and hold (N  again for two seconds.
u This puts the vehicle in car wash mode which must be used when your vehicle 

is pulled through a conveyor type automatic car wash where you or an 
attendant do not remain in the vehicle.

If the ENGINE STOP/START button is pressed 
after car wash mode has been activated, the 
power mode will change to ACCESSORY and 
a message will be displayed on the driver 
information interface.
u For 15 minutes the gear position remains 

in (N  with the power mode in 
ACCESSORY. After that, the position 
automatically changes to (P and the 
power mode changes to OFF.

u Manually changing to (P  cancels 
ACCESSORY mode. The (P  indicator 
comes on and the power mode changes 
to OFF. You must always shift to (P 
when car wash mode is no longer 
needed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  565 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShiftingDriving
■Restrictions on selecting a gear position
You cannot select a gear position under certain circumstances that may lead to a crash.

When the transmission 1. Under these 2. If you try to change to 3. The gear position How to change 
is in: circumstances: the following: remains in/changes to: the gear position

The brake pedal is not 
depressed.

(P (P
The accelerator pedal is 
depressed.

Release the 
The vehicle is moving at accelerator pedal 
low speed without the Other gear position

and depress the 
brake pedal depressed. brake pedal.

(N The vehicle is moving at 
low speed with the 
accelerator pedal 
depressed. (N

The vehicle is moving 
(N , (D or (S (R Stop your vehicle in 

forward. a safe place, depress 
the brake pedal, and 

The vehicle is moving 
(R or (N (D , (S select the 

backward.
appropriate gear 

(R , (N, (D or (S The vehicle is moving. (P position.
Continued 565



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  566 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

566

Driving
■Sequential Mode
Use the paddle shifters to change between 1st and 10th gears without removing 
your hands from the steering wheel. The transmission will switch to the sequential 
mode.

■When the transmission is in (D:
The vehicle will go into the sequential mode momentarily, and the sequential mode 
gear selection indicator will come on.
When the vehicle goes into the sequential mode by (-  paddle shifter and the lower 
gear is available, the transmission properly selects single or double gear change.

Once you start traveling at a constant speed, the sequential mode will automatically 
switch off, and the sequential mode gear selection indicator will go off.

Hold the (+  paddle shifter for two seconds to return to normal drive.

■When the transmission is in (S:
The vehicle will go into the sequential mode, and the M (sequential mode) indicator 
and sequential mode gear selection indicator will come on.
If the vehicle speed increases and the engine speed reaches near the tachometer’s 
red zone, the transmission automatically shifts up to the next gear.
You can cancel this mode by holding the (+ paddle shifter for two seconds. When 
the sequential mode is canceled, the sequential mode indicator and sequential 
mode gear selection indicator go off.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  567 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguShifting

1Sequential Mode Operation
Each paddle shift operation makes a single or double 
gear change.
To change gears continuously, release the paddle 
shifter before pulling it again for the next gear.

If the sequential mode gear selection indicator blinks 
when you try to shift up or down, this means your 
vehicle speed is not in its allowable gear range or the 
protection of transmission system is necessary.
Slightly accelerate to shift up and decelerate to shift 
down while the indicator is blinking.

Sequential 
Mode Gear 
Selection 
Indicator

Driving
■Sequential Mode Operation

(- Paddle Shifter (+ Paddle Shifter 
(Shift down) (Shift up)

Downshifting when Upshifting when 
pulling the (- paddle pulling the (+ paddle 
shifter. shifter.
(Changes to a lower (Changes to a higher 
gear) gear)
567



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  568 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle Stop

1Auto Idle Stop
The 12-volt battery installed in this vehicle is 
specifically designed for a model with Auto Idle Stop.
Using a 12-volt battery other than this specified type 
may shorten the 12-volt battery life, and prevent 
Auto Idle Stop from activating. If you need to replace 
the 12-volt battery, make sure to select the specified 
type. Ask a dealer for more details.

The duration of the Auto Idle Stop operation:
• Increase in the ECON mode, compared to when 

the ECON mode is off, with climate control in use.
2 ECON Button P. 574

568

Driving
Auto Idle Stop
To help maximize fuel economy, the engine automatically stops when the vehicle 
comes to a stop, depending on environmental and vehicle operating conditions. The 
indicator (green) comes on at this time.

Auto Idle Stop The environmental and vehicle conditions that 
Indicator (Green) impact Auto Idle Stop system operation are 

varied.
2 Auto Idle Stop Activates When: P. 570, 

571

The engine then restarts once the vehicle is 
about to move again, and the indicator 
(green) goes off.

2 The Engine Automatically Restarts When: 
P. 571

Auto Idle Stop The Auto Idle Stop suspend indicator comes 
Suspend Indicator on and a message appears on the driver 

information interface when the Auto Idle Stop 
system cannot be activated.

2 Indicators P. 88

If the driver’s door is opened while the 
indicator comes on, a buzzer sounds to notify 
you that the Auto Idle Stop function is in 
operation.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  569 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle Stop

1Auto Idle Stop
If you hold the Auto Idle Stop OFF button, you can 
disable idle stop messages.

2 Indicators P. 102

1Auto Idle Stop System ON/OFF
If you turn off the Auto Idle Stop system while it is 
activated, the engine will restart.

Driving
A message associated with Auto Idle Stop appears on the driver information 
interface.

2 Indicators P. 102

■Auto Idle Stop System ON/OFF
Auto Idle Stop OFF Indicator To turn the Auto Idle Stop system off, press 

this button. The Auto Idle Stop system stops.
u The Auto Idle Stop system will stop and 

the indicator will come on.

The Auto Idle Stop system is turned on every 
time you start the engine, even if you turned it 
off the last time you drove the vehicle.
Continued 569



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  570 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle Stop

1Auto Idle Stop Activates When:
Do not open the hood while the Auto Idle Stop 
function is activated. If the hood is opened, the 
engine will not restart automatically.

In this case, restart the engine with the ENGINE 
START/STOP button.

2 Starting the Engine P. 552

When ACC with Low Speed Follow is in operation, 
the vehicle stops without depressing the brake pedal 
and Auto Idle Stop may activate.
In such cases, the engine may restart if you change 
the shift position other than (D.

Pressing the ENGINE START/STOP button causes 
the engine to no longer restart automatically. Follow 
the standard procedure to start the engine.

2 Starting the Engine P. 552

570

Driving
■Auto Idle Stop Activates When:
The vehicle stops with the gear position in (D  and the brake pedal depressed.
When you put the transmission into (P, the Auto Idle Stop continues to operate, 
even if the brake pedal is released.
u If you depress the brake pedal, the engine may automatically restart.

■Auto Idle Stop does not activate when:
• The Auto Idle Stop OFF button is pressed.
• The driver’s seat belt is not fastened.
• The engine coolant temperature is low or high.
• The transmission fluid temperature is low or high.
• The vehicle comes to a stop again before the vehicle speed reaches 3 mph (5 km/

h) after the engine starts.
• Stopped on a steep incline.
• The transmission is in a position other than (D.
• The engine is started with the hood open.
u Turn off the engine. Close the hood before you restart the engine to activate 

Auto Idle Stop.
• The battery charge is low.
• The internal temperature of the battery is 14°F (−10°C) or less.
• The climate control system is in use, and the outside temperature is below −4°F 

(−20°C) or over 104°F (40°C).
• The climate control system is in use, and the temperature is set to Hi or Lo.
•  is on (indicator on).
• The rear fan is set to maximum speed.
u Auto Idle Stop may not activate under other conditions when the rear climate 

control system is in use.
• When the Intelligent Traction Management is set to Snow.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  571 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle Stop

1The Engine Automatically Restarts When:
If you are using an electronic device during Auto Idle 
Stop, the device may temporarily be turned off when 
the engine restarts.

Driving
■Auto Idle Stop may not activate when:
• The vehicle is stopped by braking suddenly.
• The steering wheel is operated.
• The fan speed is high.
• The climate control system is in use, and there is a significant difference between 

the set temperature and the actual interior temperature.
• The climate control system is in use, and humidity in the interior is high.
• The rear fan is set to maximum speed.
u Auto Idle Stop may not activate under other conditions when the rear climate 

control system is in use.

■The Engine Automatically Restarts When:
• The brake pedal is released (without the automatic brake hold system activated).
• The accelerator pedal is depressed (with the automatic brake hold system 

activated).
2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644
Continued 571



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  572 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle Stop

1The engine restarts even if the brake pedal is depressed*1 when:
*1: With the automatic brake hold system activated, 
you can release the brake pedal while Auto Idle Stop 
is in operation.
If the automatic brake hold system has been turned 
off, or if there is a problem with the system, the 
engine will restart automatically when you release 
the brake pedal.

2 Automatic Brake Hold P. 644

572

Driving
■ The engine restarts even if the brake pedal is depressed*1 when:
• The Auto Idle Stop OFF button is pressed.
• The steering wheel is operated.
• The transmission is put into (R  or (S , or when it is set from (N  to (D .
u If you put the transmission into (P  after the Auto Idle Stop activates, the Auto 

Idle Stop continues to operate. In this case, the engine restarts when you 
depress the brake pedal.

• The pressure on the brake pedal is reduced and the vehicle starts moving while 
stopped on an incline.

• The brake pedal is released slightly during a stop.
• The battery charge becomes low.
• The accelerator pedal is depressed.
• The driver’s seat belt is unlatched.
•  is on (indicator on).
• The climate control system is in use, and the difference between the set 

temperature and actual interior temperature becomes significant.
• The climate control system is being used to dehumidify the interior.
• The rear fan is set to maximum speed.
u Auto Idle Stop may not activate under other conditions when the rear climate 

control system is in use.
• When the Intelligent Traction Management is set to Snow.
• The vehicle ahead of you starts again when your vehicle stops automatically with 

ACC with Low Speed Follow.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  573 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAuto Idle StopDriving
■Starting Assist Brake Function
Briefly keeps the brake applied after releasing the brake pedal to restart the engine. 
This can keep your vehicle from unexpectedly moving while on an incline.
573



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  574 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguECON Button

1ECON Button
While in ECON mode, the climate control system has 
greater temperature fluctuations.

574

Driving
ECON Button
The ECON button turns the ECON mode on 
and off.
The ECON mode helps you improve your fuel 
economy by adjusting the performance of the 
engine, air conditioning system, and cruise 
control.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  575 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen Drivingu Intelligent Traction ManagementDriving
Intelligent Traction Management
The Intelligent Traction Management optimizes vehicle performance to help you 
drive on various surfaces. The system has available modes to select from: Normal 
and Snow.
Press the SNOW button to select the appropriate mode. The mode you select 
appears on the driver information interface. When the vehicle is turned off and 
restarted, Intelligent Traction Management mode will revert to Normal.

Normal
Provides balanced 
driving performance 
on most road 
surfaces.

Snow
Use when driving on 
snowy road surfaces.

SNOW Button
575



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  576 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguVehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic Stability Control (ESC), System

1Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic Stability Control 
(ESC), System
The VSA® may not function properly if tire type and 
size are mixed. Make sure to use the same size and 
type of tire, and the air pressures as specified.

When the VSA® system indicator comes on and stays 
on while driving, there may be a problem with the 
system. While this may not interfere with normal 
driving, have your vehicle checked by a dealer 
immediately.

VSA® cannot enhance stability in all driving situations 
and does not control the entire braking system. You 
still need to drive and corner at speeds appropriate 
for the conditions and always leave a sufficient 
margin of safety.

The main function of the VSA® system is generally 
known as Electronic Stability Control (ESC). The 
system also includes a traction control function.

576

Driving
Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic 
Stability Control (ESC), System
VSA® helps to stabilize the vehicle during cornering if the vehicle turns more or less 
than what was intended. It also assists in maintaining traction on slippery surfaces. 
It does so by regulating engine output and selectively applying the brakes.

■VSA® Operation
VSA® System When VSA® activates, you may notice that the 
Indicator engine does not respond to the accelerator. 

You may also notice some noise from the 
hydraulic brake system. You will also see the 
indicator blink.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  577 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguVehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic Stability Control (ESC), System

1Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®), aka Electronic Stability Control 
(ESC), System
In certain unusual conditions when your vehicle gets 
stuck in shallow mud or fresh snow, it may be easier 
to free it with the VSA® temporarily switched off.

When the  button is pressed, the traction control 
function becomes less effective. This allows for the 
wheels to spin more freely at low speed. You should 
only attempt to free your vehicle with the VSA® off if 
you are not able to free it when the VSA® is on.

Immediately after freeing your vehicle, be sure to 
switch VSA® on again. We do not recommend driving 
your vehicle with the VSA® system switched off.

You may hear a motor sound coming from the 
engine compartment while system checks are being 
performed immediately after starting the engine or 
while driving. This is normal.

Driving
■VSA® On and Off
This button is on the driver side control panel. 

VSA® OFF Indicator To partially disable VSA® functionality/
features, press and hold it until you hear a 
beep.

Your vehicle will have normal braking and 
cornering ability, but traction control function 
will be less effective.

To restore VSA® functionality/features, press 
the  (VSA® OFF) button until you hear a 
beep.

VSA® is turned on every time you start the 
engine, even if you turned it off the last time 
you drove the vehicle.
577



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  578 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguAgile Handling Assist

1Agile Handling Assist
The agile handling assist cannot enhance stability in 
all driving situations. You still need to drive and 
corner at speeds appropriate for the conditions and 
always leave a sufficient margin of safety.

When the VSA® system indicator comes on and stays 
on while driving, the agile handling assist does not 
activate.

You may hear a sound coming from the engine 
compartment while the agile handling assist is 
activated. This is normal.

578

Driving
Agile Handling Assist
Lightly brakes each of the front and rear wheels, as needed, when you turn the 
steering wheel, and helps support the vehicle’s stability and performance during 
cornering.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  579 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguTire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire Fill Assist

1Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire Fill Assist
Conditions such as low ambient temperature and 
altitude change directly affect tire pressure and can 
trigger the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS indicator to come 
on.

2 If the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS Indicator 
Comes On or Blinks P. 745

Tire pressure checked and inflated in:
• Warm weather can become under-inflated in 

colder weather.
• Cold weather can become over-inflated in warmer 

weather.
The Low Tire Pressure/TPMS indicator will not come 
on as a result of over inflation.

The TPMS audibly and visually informs you of 
changes in tire pressure of the individual tire that you 
are adjusting using audible and visual indications.

If a change in tire pressure has been significant, the 
system beeps and the hazard lights flash continuously 
for five seconds when the specified tire pressure is 
reached. Stop filling the tire.

Driving
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire 
Fill Assist

Low Tire Pressure/ Monitors the tire pressure while you are 
TPMS Indicator driving. If your vehicle’s tire pressure becomes 

significantly low, the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS 
indicator comes on and a message appears on 
the driver information interface.
Continued 579



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  580 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguTire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) with Tire Fill Assist

1Tire Pressure Monitor
The pressure displayed on the driver information 
interface can be slightly different from the actual 
pressure as measured by a gauge. If there is a 
significant difference between the two values, or if 
the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS indicator and the 
message on the driver information interface do not 
go off after you have inflated the tire to the specified 
pressure, have the system checked by a dealer.

Tire Pressure Monitor Problem may appear if you 
drive with the compact spare tire, or there is a 
problem with the TPMS.

580

Driving
■Tire Pressure Monitor
To select the tire pressure monitor, please 
follow the following steps using the buttons 
on the steering wheel.
1. Set the power mode to ON.
2. Press the  (home) button.
3. Press the 3 / 4  button repeatedly until  

Maintenance appears.
4. Press the ENTER button and select Tire 

Pressure by pressing the 3 / 4  button.
5. Press the ENTER button and the tire 

pressure appears on the driver information 
interface.

The pressure for each tire is displayed in psi.

Tire Pressures Low is displayed when a tire 
has significantly low pressure. The specific tire 
is displayed on the screen.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  581 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguTire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) - Required Federal ExplanationDriving
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) - Required 
Federal Explanation
Each tire, including the spare (if provided), should be checked 
monthly when cold and inflated to the inflation pressure 
recommended by the vehicle manufacturer on the vehicle placard 
or tire inflation pressure label.

(If your vehicle has tires of a different size than the size indicated 
on the vehicle placard or tire inflation pressure label, you should 
determine the proper tire inflation pressure for those tires.)

As an added safety feature, your vehicle has been equipped with 
a tire pressure monitoring system (TPMS) that illuminates a low 
tire pressure telltale 

when one or more of your tires is significantly under-inflated.

Accordingly, when the low tire pressure telltale illuminates, you 
should stop and check your tires as soon as possible, and inflate 
them to the proper pressure.

Driving on a significantly under-inflated tire causes the tire to 
overheat and can lead to tire failure. Under-inflation also reduces 
fuel efficiency and tire tread life, and may affect the vehicle’s 
handling and stopping ability.
Continued 581



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  582 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguTire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS) - Required Federal Explanation

582

Driving
Please note that the TPMS is not a substitute for proper tire 
maintenance, and it is the driver’s responsibility to maintain 
correct tire pressure, even if under-inflation has not reached the 
level to trigger illumination of the TPMS low tire pressure telltale.

Your vehicle has also been equipped with a TPMS malfunction 
indicator to indicate when the system is not operating properly. 
The TPMS malfunction indicator is combined with the low tire 
pressure telltale. When the system detects a malfunction, the 
telltale will flash for approximately one minute and then remain 
continuously illuminated. This sequence will continue upon 
subsequent vehicle start-ups as long as the malfunction exists.

When the malfunction indicator is illuminated, the system may 
not be able to detect or signal low tire pressure as intended.

TPMS malfunctions may occur for a variety of reasons, including 
the installation of replacement or alternate tires or wheels on the 
vehicle that prevent the TPMS from functioning properly.

Always check the TPMS malfunction telltale after replacing one or 
more tires or wheels on your vehicle to ensure that the 
replacement or alternate tires and wheels allow the TPMS to 
continue to function properly.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  583 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguBlind spot information System*

1Blind spot information System*

3WARNING
Failure to visually confirm that it is safe to 
change lanes before doing so may result in 
a crash and serious injury or death.
Do not rely only on the blind spot 
information system when changing lanes.
Always look in your mirrors, to either side 
of your vehicle, and behind you for other 
vehicles before changing lanes.

Important Safety Reminder
Like all assistance systems, blind spot information 
system has limitations. Over reliance on the blind spot 
information system may result in a collision.

The system is for your convenience only. Even if an object is 
within the alert zone, the following situations may occur.
• The blind spot information system alert indicator 

may not come on due to obstruction (splashes, 
etc.) even without the Blind Spot Info Not 
Available driver information interface appearing.

• The blind spot information system alert indicator 
may come on even with the message appearing.

The blind spot information system alert indicator may 
not come on under the following conditions:
• A vehicle does not stay in the alert zone for more 

than two seconds.
• A vehicle is parked in a side lane.
• The speed difference between your vehicle and the 

vehicle you are passing is greater than 6 mph (10 km/h).
• An object not detected by the radar sensors 

approaches or passes your vehicle.
• A vehicle running in the adjacent lane is a 

motorcycle or other small vehicle.

Driving
Blind spot information System*

Is designed to detect vehicles in specified alert zones adjacent to your vehicle, 
particularly in harder to see areas commonly known as “blind spots.” When the 
system detects vehicles approaching from behind in adjacent lanes, the appropriate 
indicator comes on for a few seconds, providing assistance when you change lanes.

■How the system works

● The transmission is in (D or 
(S.

● Your vehicle speed is 
between 20 mph (32 km/h) Radar Sensors: 

underneath Alert Zone
and 100 mph (160 km/h)

the rear A
Alert zone range bumper 

corners B
A: Approx. 1.6 ft. (0.5 m)
B: Approx. 10 ft. (3 m)
C: Approx. 10 ft. (3 m) C
* Not available on all models Continued 583



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  584 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguBlind spot information System*

1Blind spot information System*

You can change the setting for the blind spot 
information system.

2 Customized Features P. 465

Turn the system off when towing a trailer. The system 
may not work properly for the following reasons:
• The added mass tilts the vehicle and changes the 

radar coverage.
• The trailer itself can be detected by the radar 

sensors, causing the blind spot information system 
alert indicators to come on.

Blind spot information system may be adversely 
affected when:
• Objects (guard rails, poles, trees, etc,.) are 

detected.
• An object that does not reflect radio waves well, 

such as a motorcycle, is in the alert zone.
• Driving on a curved road.
• A vehicle is moving from a far lane to the adjacent 

lane.
• The system picks up external electrical interference.
• The rear bumper or the sensors have been 

improperly repaired or the rear bumper has been 
deformed.

• The orientation of the sensors has been changed.
• In bad weather (Heavy rain, snow, and fog).

For proper blind spot information system operation:
• Always keep the rear bumper corner area clean.
• Do not cover the rear bumper corner area with 

labels or stickers of any kind.
• Take your vehicle to a dealer if you need the rear 

bumper corner area or the radar sensors to be 
repaired, or the rear bumper corner area is strongly 
impacted.

The system does not operate when in (R.

584

Driving
■When the system detects a vehicle
Blind spot information System Alert Indicator: 
Located near the pillar on both sides.
Comes on when: Comes On
● A vehicle enters the alert zone from behind 

to overtake you with a speed difference of no 
more than 31 mph (50 km/h) from your 
vehicle.

● You pass a vehicle with a speed difference of Blinks

no more than 12 mph (20 km/h).
Blinks and the beeper sounds when:
You move the turn signal lever in the direction 
of the detected vehicle. The beeper sounds 
three times.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  585 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguBlind spot information System*Driving
■Blind spot information system on and off
3 / 4  Button When you turn the blind spot information 

system on and off, do the following.
1. Press the safety support switch.
2. Press the 3 /4  button to select  symbol, 

then press ENTER.
u A tick appears in the box and the color of 

the  symbol changes green when the 
system is on. The tick disappear and the 
color of the  symbol changes gray 
when the system is off.

Safety Support Switch

The blind spot information system is in the 
previously selected on or off setting each time 
you start the power system.
585



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  586 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguLaneWatchTM*

1LaneWatchTM*

3WARNING
Failure to visually confirm that it is safe to 
change lanes before doing so may result in 
a crash and serious injury or death.

Do not rely only on LaneWatch while 
driving.

Always look in your mirrors, to either side 
of your vehicle, and behind you for other 
vehicles before changing lanes.

Important Safety Reminder
Like all assistance systems, LaneWatch has 
limitations. Over reliance on LaneWatch may result in 
a collision.

The LaneWatch function can be affected by weather, 
lighting (including headlights and low sun angle), 
ambient darkness, camera condition, and loading.

The LaneWatch may not provide the intended display 
of traffic to the side and rear under the following 
conditions:
• Your vehicle’s suspension has been altered, 

changing the height of the vehicle.
• Your tires are over or under inflated.
• Your tires or wheels are of varied size or 

construction.

586

Driving
Canadian models

LaneWatchTM*

LaneWatch is an assistance system that allows you to check the passenger side rear 
areas displayed on the audio/information screen when the turn signal is activated to 
the passenger’s side. A camera in the passenger side door mirror monitors these 
areas and allows you to check for vehicles, in addition to your visual check and use 
of the passenger door mirror. You can also keep the system on for your convenience 
while driving.

The system activates when you:
The passenger side view 

Move the turn signal Press the LaneWatch display appears on the 
lever to the passenger button. audio/information screen.
side.

The system deactivates when you:

Pull the turn signal Press the LaneWatch 
lever back. button again.

Audio/Information Screen Camera
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  587 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWhen DrivinguLaneWatchTM*

1LaneWatchTM*

The LaneWatch camera view is restricted. Its unique 
lens makes objects on the screen slightly look 
different from what they are.

LaneWatch display does not come on when the 
transmission is in (R.

For proper LaneWatch operation:
• The camera is located in the passenger side door 

mirror. Always keep this area clean. If the camera 
lens is covered with dirt or moisture, use a soft, 
moist cloth to keep the lens clean and free of 
debris.

• Do not cover the camera lens with labels or stickers 
of any kind.

• Do not touch the camera lens.

1Reference Lines
The area around the reference line 1 (red) is very close 
to your vehicle. As always, make sure to visually 
confirm the safety of a lane change before changing 
lanes.

The distance between your vehicle and lines 1, 2 and 
3 on the screen vary depending on road conditions 
and vehicle loading. For example, the reference lines 
on the screen may seem to appear closer than the 
actual distances when the rear of your vehicle is more 
heavily loaded.

Consult a dealer if:
• The passenger side door mirror, or area around it is 

severely impacted, resulting in changing the 
camera angle.

• The LaneWatch display does not come on at all.

Driving
■Customizing the LaneWatch settings
You can customize the following items using the audio/information screen.
• Show with Turn Signal: Selects whether LaneWatch monitor comes on when 

you operate the turn signal lever.
• Show Reference Line: Selects whether the reference lines appear on the 

LaneWatch monitor.
2 Customized Features P. 465

■Reference Lines
Three lines that appear on the screen can give 
an idea of how far the vehicles or objects on 
the screen are from your vehicle, respectively. 
If an object is near line 1 (in red), it indicates 

3
2 that it is close to your vehicle whereas an 

1 object near line 3 is farther away.
* Not available on all models 587



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  588 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

588

Driving
Honda Sensing®
Honda Sensing® is a driver support system which employs the use of two distinctly 
different kinds of sensors: a radar sensor located inside the front grille and a front 
sensor camera mounted to the interior side of the windshield, behind the rearview 
mirror.

Honda Sensing® has following functions.

■ The functions which do not require switch operations to activate
• Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM) 2 P. 591
• Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System 2 P. 627
• Traffic Sign Recognition System 2 P. 632

■ The functions which require switch operations to activate
• Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow 2 P. 602
• Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) 2 P. 618



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  589 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uDriving
■Operation Switches for the ACC with Low Speed Follow/
LKAS

CANCEL Button ■  Button
RES/+ Button Press to activate standby mode for ACC with 

Low Speed Follow. Or press to cancel the 
Interval system.
Button

■ LKAS Button
Press to activate standby mode for LKAS. Or 
press to cancel this system.

 Button LKAS Button
−/SET Button ■RES/+ and −/SET Buttons

Press RES/+ button to resume the ACC with 
Low Speed Follow or increase the vehicle 
speed.
Press −/SET button to set the ACC with Low 
Speed Follow or decrease the vehicle speed.

■ Interval Button
Press to change the ACC with Low Speed 
Follow following-interval.

■CANCEL Button
Press to cancel ACC with Low Speed Follow.
Continued 589



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  590 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®u

590

Driving
■Driver Information Interface Content
You can see the current state of ACC with 
Low Speed Follow, and LKAS.

a Indicates that ACC with Low Speed Follow 
is ready to be activated.

• White: The system is in standby.
• Green: The system is on.
• Amber: There is a problem with the system.

6 b Indicates that LKAS is ready to be activated.
• White: The system is in standby.
• Green: The system is on.
• Amber: There is a problem with the system.

c Indicates that LKAS is activated and 
whether or not traffic lane lines are 
detected.

• Solid line: The system is on.
• Contour line: The system is in standby.

d Indicates whether or not ACC with Low 
Speed Follow detects the vehicle ahead.

eShows vehicle set speed in ACC with Low 
Speed Follow.

fShows set vehicle interval in ACC with Low 
Speed Follow.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  591 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

1Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)
For directions on the proper handling of the radar 
sensor, refer to the following page.

2 Radar Sensor P. 639

You can read about handling information for the 
camera equipped with this system.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

Important Safety Reminder
The CMBSTM is designed to reduce the severity of an 
unavoidable collision. It does not prevent a collision 
nor stop the vehicle automatically. It is still your 
responsibility to operate the brake pedal and steering 
wheel appropriately according to the driving 
conditions.

The CMBSTM may not activate or may not detect a 
vehicle in front of your vehicle under certain 
conditions:

2 CMBSTM Conditions and Limitations P. 596

Driving
Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)
Can assist you when there is a possibility of your vehicle colliding with a vehicle or a 
pedestrian detected in front of yours. The CMBSTM is designed to alert you when a 
potential collision is determined, as well as to reduce your vehicle speed to help 
minimize collision severity when a collision is deemed unavoidable.
Continued 591



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  592 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

1How the System Works
When the CMBSTM activates, it may automatically 
apply the brake. It will be canceled when your vehicle 
stops or a potential collision is not determined.

592

Driving
■How the System Works
When to use

The camera is 
located behind 
the rearview 
mirror.

The radar sensor is 
in the front grille.

The system starts monitoring the roadway ahead when your vehicle speed is about 
3 mph (5 km/h) and there is a vehicle in front of you.
The CMBSTM activates when:
● The speed difference between your vehicle and a vehicle or pedestrian detected in 

front of you becomes about 3 mph (5 km/h) and over with a chance of a collision.
● Your vehicle speed is about 62 mph (100 km/h) or less and the system determines 

there is a chance of a collision with:
 - Vehicles detected in front of you that are stationary, oncoming, or traveling in 
your same direction.
 - A pedestrian who is detected in front of you.
● Your vehicle speed is above 62 mph (100 km/h), and the system determines there 

is a chance of a collision with a vehicle detected in front of you traveling in your 
same direction.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  593 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

1When the system activates
The camera in the CMBSTM is also designed to detect 
pedestrians.
However, this pedestrian detection feature may not 
activate or may not detect a pedestrian in front of 
your vehicle under certain conditions.
Refer to the ones indicating the pedestrian detection 
limitations from the list.

2 CMBSTM Conditions and Limitations P. 596

Driving
■When the system activates

The system provides visual and audible alerts of a possible collision, and stops if the 
collision is avoided.
● Take appropriate action to prevent a collision (apply the brakes, change lanes, 

etc.)
Visual Alerts

Beep

Audible Alert

At system’s earliest collision alert stage, you can change the distance (Long/
Normal/Short) between vehicles at which alerts will come on through the driver 
information interface* or audio/information screen* setting options.

2 List of customizable options P. 146, 472
* Not available on all models Continued 593



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  594 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

594

Driving
■Collision Alert Stages
The system has three alert stages for a possible collision. However, depending on circumstances, the CMBSTM may not go through all of 
the stages before initiating the last stage.

CMBSTM

Distance between vehicles
The sensors detect a vehicle Audible & Visual WARNINGS Braking

When in Long, visual and 
Normal Vehicle audible alerts come on at a 

Stage Long Short Ahead There is a risk of a collision with longer distance from a vehicle 
—

one the vehicle ahead of you. ahead than in Normal setting, 
and in Short, at a shorter 

Your Vehicle
distance than in Normal.

The risk of a collision has 
Stage Your Vehicle 

Vehicle Ahead increased, time to respond is Lightly applied
two

reduced.
Visual and audible alerts.

Stage Your Vehicle 
Vehicle Ahead The CMBSTM determines that a 

Forcefully applied
three collision is unavoidable.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  595 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

1CMBSTM On and Off
The CMBSTM may automatically shut off, and the 
safety support indicator (amber) will come and stay 
on under certain conditions:

2 CMBSTM Conditions and Limitations P. 596

When the CMBSTM is activated, it will continue to 
operate even if the accelerator pedal is partially 
depressed. However, it will be canceled if the 
accelerator pedal is deeply depressed.

Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if you find any 
unusual behavior of the system (e.g., the warning 
message appears too frequently).

Driving
■CMBSTM On and Off
3 / 4  Button When you turn the CMBSTM on and off, do the 

following.
1. Press the safety support switch.
2. Press the 3 / 4  button to select  

symbol, then press ENTER.
u A tick appears in the box and the color of 

the  symbol changes green when the 
system is on. The tick disappear and the 
color of the  symbol changes gray 
when the system is off.

Safety Support Switch

The CMBSTM is turned on every time you start 
the engine, even if you turned it off the last 
time you drove the vehicle.
Continued 595



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  596 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

596

Driving
■CMBSTM Conditions and Limitations
The system may automatically shut off and the safety support indicator (amber) will 
come on under certain conditions. Some examples of these conditions are listed 
below. Other conditions may reduce some of the CMBSTM functions.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

■ Environmental conditions
• Driving in bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).
• Sudden changes between light and dark, such as an entrance or exit of a tunnel.
• There is little contrast between objects and the background.
• Driving into low sunlight (e.g., at dawn or dusk).
• Strong light is reflected onto the roadway.
• Driving in the shadows of trees, buildings, etc.
• Roadway objects or structures are misinterpreted as vehicles and pedestrians.
• Reflections on the interior of the windshield.
• Driving at night or in a dark condition such as a tunnel.

■Roadway conditions
• Driving on a snowy or wet roadway (obscured lane marking, vehicle tracks, 

reflected lights, road spray, high contrast).
• Driving on curvy, winding, or undulating roads.
• The road is hilly or the vehicle is approaching the crest of a hill.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  597 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)Driving
■Vehicle conditions
• Headlight lenses are dirty or the headlights are not properly adjusted.
• The outside of the windshield is blocked by dirt, mud, leaves, wet snow, etc.
• The inside of the windshield is fogged.
• An abnormal tire or wheel condition (wrong sized, varied size or construction, 

improperly inflated, compact spare tire, etc.).
• When tire chains are installed.
• The vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load or suspension modifications.
• The camera temperature gets too high.
• Driving with the parking brake applied.
• When the radar sensor in the front grille gets dirty.
• The vehicle is towing a trailer.
• Driving at night or in a dark place (e.g., a tunnel) with the headlights off.
Continued 597



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  598 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

598

Driving
■Detection limitations
• A vehicle or pedestrian suddenly crosses in front of you.
• The distance between your vehicle and the vehicle or pedestrian ahead of you is 

too short.
• A vehicle cuts in front of you at a slow speed, and it brakes suddenly.
• When you accelerate rapidly and approach the vehicle or pedestrian ahead of you 

at high speed.
• The vehicle ahead of you is a motorcycle, bicycle, mobility scooter or other small 

vehicle.
• When there are animals in front of your vehicle.
• When you drive on a curved, winding or undulating road that makes it difficult for 

the sensor to properly detect a vehicle in front of you.
• The speed difference between your vehicle and a vehicle or pedestrian in front of 

you is significantly large.
• An oncoming vehicle suddenly comes in front of you.
• Another vehicle suddenly comes in front of you at an intersection, etc.
• Your vehicle abruptly crosses over in front of an oncoming vehicle.
• When driving through a narrow iron bridge.
• When the lead vehicle suddenly slows down.
Limitations applicable to pedestrian detection only

• When there is a group of people in front of your vehicle walking together side by 
side.

• Surrounding conditions or belongings of the pedestrian alter the pedestrian’s 
shape, preventing the system from recognizing that the person is a pedestrian.

• When the pedestrian is shorter than about 3.3 feet (1 meter) or taller than about 
6.6 feet (2 meters) in height.

• When a pedestrian blends in with the background.
• When a pedestrian is bent over or squatting, or when their hands are raised or 

they are running.
• When several pedestrians are walking ahead in a group.
• When the camera cannot correctly identify that a pedestrian is present due to an 

unusual shape (holding luggage, body position, size).



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  599 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)Driving
■Automatic shutoff
CMBSTM may automatically shut itself off and the safety support indicator (amber) 
comes and stays on when:
• The temperature inside the system is high.
• You drive off-road or on a mountain road, or curved and winding road for an 

extended period.
• An abnormal tire condition is detected (wrong tire size, flat tire, etc.).
• The camera behind the rearview mirror, or the area around the camera, including 

the windshield, gets dirty.
Once the conditions that caused CMBSTM to shut off improve or are addressed (e.g., 
cleaning), the system comes back on.
Continued 599



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  600 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)

1With Little Chance of a Collision
For the CMBSTM to work properly:

Always keep the radar sensor cover clean.

Never use chemical solvents or polishing powder for 
cleaning the sensor cover. Clean it with water or a 
mild detergent.

600

Driving
■With Little Chance of a Collision
The CMBSTM may activate even when you are aware of a vehicle ahead of you, or 
when there is no vehicle ahead. Some examples of this are:

■When passing
Your vehicle approaches another vehicle ahead of you and you change lanes to pass.

■At an intersection
Your vehicle approaches or passes another vehicle that is making a left or right turn.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  601 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uCollision Mitigation Braking SystemTM (CMBSTM)Driving
■On a curve
When driving through curves, your vehicle comes to a point where an oncoming 
vehicle is right in front of you.

■ Through a low bridge at high speed
You drive under a low or narrow bridge at high speed.

■ Speed bumps, road work sites, train tracks, roadside objects, etc.
You drive over speed bumps, steel road plates, etc., or your vehicle approaches train 
tracks or roadside objects [such as a traffic sign and guard rail] on a curve or, when 
parking, stationary vehicles and walls.
601



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  602 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

3WARNING
Improper use of ACC with Low Speed 
Follow can lead to a crash.

Use ACC with Low Speed Follow only when 
driving on expressways or freeways and in 
good weather conditions.

3WARNING
ACC with Low Speed Follow has limited 
braking capability and may not stop your 
vehicle in time to avoid a collision with a 
vehicle that quickly stops in front of you.

Always be prepared to apply the brake 
pedal if the conditions require.

Important Reminder
As with any system, there are limits to ACC with Low 
Speed Follow. Use the brake pedal whenever 
necessary, and always keep a safe interval between 
your vehicle and other vehicles.

602

Driving
Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed 
Follow
Helps maintain a constant vehicle speed and a set following-interval behind a vehicle 
detected ahead of yours and, if the detected vehicle comes to a stop, can decelerate 
and stop your vehicle, without you having to keep your foot on the brake or the 
accelerator.
When ACC with Low Speed Follow slows your vehicle by applying the brakes, your 
vehicle’s brake lights will illuminate.

When to use

The camera is located 
behind the rearview 
mirror.

The radar sensor is inside 
the front grille.

■Vehicle speed for ACC with Low Speed Follow: A vehicle is detected ahead within 
ACC with Low Speed Follow range – ACC with Low Speed Follow operates at 
speeds up to 90 mph (145 km/h). 
No vehicle is detected within ACC with Low Speed Follow range – ACC with Low 
Speed Follow operates at the speed of 25 mph (40 km/h) or above.

■Gear positions for adaptive cruise control: In (D or (S



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  603 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow
For directions on the proper handling of the radar 
sensor, refer to the following page.

2 Radar Sensor P. 639

You can read about handling information for the 
camera equipped with this system.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

The radar sensor for ACC with Low Speed Follow is 
shared with the Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM 
(CMBSTM).

2 Collision Mitigation Braking SystemTM 
(CMBSTM) P. 591

ACC with Low Speed Follow may not work properly 
under certain conditions.

2 ACC with Low Speed Follow Conditions 
and Limitations P. 609

When not using ACC with Low Speed Follow: Turn 
off adaptive cruise by pressing the  button.

Driving
■How to activate the system
How to use

 (white) is on in the driver 
information interface.
ACC with Low Speed Follow is 
ready to use.

■ Press the  button on the 
steering wheel.
Continued 603



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  604 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow
Do not use ACC with Low Speed Follow under the 
following conditions:
• On roads with heavy traffic or while driving in 

continuous stop and go traffic.
• On roads with sharp turns.
• On roads with steep downhill sections, as the set 

vehicle speed can be exceeded by coasting. In such 
cases, ACC with Low Speed Follow will not apply 
the brakes to maintain the set speed.

• On roads with toll collection facilities or other 
objects between lanes of traffic, or in parking 
areas, or facilities with drive through access.

1To Set the Vehicle Speed
You can switch the displayed set speed 
measurements on the driver information interface 
between mph and km/h.

2 Units P. 138

604

Driving
■To Set the Vehicle Speed

On when ACC with Low Speed 
Follow begins

 (green) is 
on. –/SET Button

Press and release

When driving at about 25 mph (40 km/h) or above: Take your foot off the 
pedal and press down the –/SET button when you reach the desired speed. The 
moment you release the button, the set speed is fixed, and ACC with Low Speed 
Follow begins.
When driving slower than about 25 mph (40 km/h): If the vehicle is moving 
and the brake pedal is not depressed, pressing the switch fixes your set speed to 
about 25 mph (40 km/h) regardless of current vehicle speed. If your vehicle is 
stationary, you can set the vehicle speed even with the brake pedal depressed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  605 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed FollowDriving
When ACC with Low Speed Follow starts operating, the vehicle icon, interval bars 
and set speed appear on the driver information interface.

 (green) Set Vehicle When you use ACC with Low Speed Follow, 
Interval Straight Driving Assist (a feature of the Electric 

Power Steering system) is activated.
By enabling the steering system to 
automatically compensate for natural steering 
pull, Straight Driving Assist makes it easier for 
you to keep your vehicle in a straight line.

Set Vehicle Speed
Continued 605



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  606 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1When in Operation
If the vehicle ahead of you slows down abruptly, or if 
another vehicle cuts in front of you, a beeper sounds, 
a message appears on the driver information 
interface.

Depress the brake pedal, and keep an appropriate 
interval from the vehicle ahead.

Beep

606

Driving
■When in Operation
■ There is a vehicle ahead
ACC with Low Speed Follow monitors if a vehicle ahead of you enters the ACC with 
Low Speed Follow range. If a vehicle is detected doing so, the ACC with Low Speed 
Follow system maintains or decelerates your vehicle’s set speed in order to keep the 
vehicle’s set following-interval from the vehicle ahead.

2 To Set or Change Following-interval P. 612

ACC with Low Speed Follow Range: 394 ft. (120 m)

When a vehicle whose speed is slower than 
your set speed is detected in front of you, your 
vehicle starts to slow down.

A vehicle icon appears on the 
driver information interface.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  607 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1When in Operation
Even if the interval between your vehicle and the 
vehicle detected ahead is short, ACC with Low Speed 
Follow may start accelerating your vehicle under the 
following circumstances:
• The vehicle ahead of you is going at almost the 

same speed as, or faster than, your vehicle.
• A vehicle that cuts in front of you is going faster 

than your vehicle, gradually increasing the interval 
between the vehicles.

You can also set the system to beep when a vehicle in 
front of you comes in and goes out of the ACC with 
Low Speed Follow detecting range. Change the ACC 
Forward Vehicle Detect Beep setting.

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465

Limitations
You may need to use the brake to maintain a safe 
interval when using ACC with Low Speed Follow. 
Additionally, ACC with Low Speed Follow may not 
work properly under certain conditions.

2 ACC with Low Speed Follow Conditions 
and Limitations P. 609

Driving
■ There is no vehicle ahead
Your vehicle maintains the set speed without 
having to keep your foot on the brake or 
accelerator pedal.
If there previously was a vehicle detected 
ahead that kept your vehicle from traveling at 
the set speed, ACC with Low Speed Follow 
accelerates your vehicle to the set speed, and 

A vehicle icon with dotted-line then maintains it.
contour appears on the driver 
information interface.

■When you depress the accelerator pedal
You can temporarily increase the vehicle speed. In this case, there is no audible or 
visual alert even if a vehicle is in the ACC with Low Speed Follow range.
ACC with Low Speed Follow stays on unless you cancel it. Once you release the 
accelerator pedal, the system resumes an appropriate speed for keeping the 
following-interval while a vehicle ahead is within the ACC with Low Speed Follow 
range.
Continued 607



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  608 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1A vehicle detected ahead is within ACC with Low Speed Follow 
range and slows to a stop

3WARNING
Exiting a vehicle that has been stopped 
while the ACC with Low Speed Follow 
system is operating can result in the vehicle 
moving without operator control.

A vehicle that moves without operator 
control can cause a crash, resulting in 
serious injury or death.

Never exit a vehicle when the vehicle is 
stopped by ACC with Low Speed Follow.

608

Driving
■A vehicle detected ahead is within ACC with Low Speed Follow range and 
slows to a stop

 (green) Your vehicle also stops, automatically. The 
Stopped message appears on the driver 
information interface.
When the vehicle ahead of you starts again, 
the vehicle icon on the driver information 
interface blinks. If you press the RES/+ or –/
SET button, or depress the accelerator pedal, 
ACC with Low Speed Follow operates again 
within the prior set speed.

 (green) If no vehicle is ahead of you before you 
resume driving, depressing the accelerator 
pedal will resume operation of ACC with Low 
Speed Follow within the prior set speed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  609 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1ACC with Low Speed Follow Conditions and Limitations
If you need the radar sensor to be repaired, or 
removed, or the radar sensor cover is strongly 
impacted, turn off the system by pressing the  
button and take your vehicle to a dealer.

Have your vehicle checked by a dealer if you find any 
unusual behavior of the system (e.g., the warning 
message appears too frequently).

Driving
■ACC with Low Speed Follow Conditions and Limitations
The system may automatically shut off and the  indicator will come on under 
certain conditions. Some examples of these conditions are listed below. Other 
conditions may reduce some of the ACC functions.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637
2 Radar Sensor P. 639

■ Environmental conditions
Driving in bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).

■Roadway conditions
Driving on a snowy or wet roadway (obscured lane marking, vehicle tracks, reflected 
lights, road spray, high contrast).

■Vehicle conditions
• The outside of the windshield is blocked by dirt, mud, leaves, wet snow, etc.
• An abnormal tire or wheel condition (wrong sized, varied size or construction, 

improperly inflated, compact spare tire, etc.).
• The camera temperature gets too high.
• The parking brake is applied.
• The front grille is dirty.
• The vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load or suspension modifications.
• Tire chains are installed.
Continued 609



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  610 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

610

Driving
■Detection limitations
• A vehicle suddenly crosses in front of you.
• The interval between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead of you is too short.
• A vehicle cuts in front of you at a slow speed, and it brakes suddenly.
• You accelerate rapidly and approach the vehicle ahead of you at high speed.
• The vehicle ahead of you is a motorcycle, bicycle, mobility scooter, or other small 

vehicle.
• There are animals in front of your vehicle.
• You drive on a curved or winding or undulating road that makes it difficult for the 

sensor to properly detect a vehicle in front of you.

• The speed difference between your vehicle and a vehicle in front of you is 
significantly large.

• An oncoming vehicle suddenly comes in front of you.
• Your vehicle abruptly crosses over in front of an oncoming vehicle.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  611 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed FollowDriving
• Driving through a narrow metal bridge.

• The vehicle ahead of you brakes suddenly.
• The vehicle ahead of you has a unique shape.

Radar detects upper section of Panel truck, 
an empty carrier truck. tanker truck, 

etc.

• Your vehicle or the vehicle ahead of you is driving on one edge of the lane.
Continued 611



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  612 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1To Adjust the Vehicle Speed
If a vehicle detected ahead is going at a speed slower 
than your increased set speed, ACC with Low Speed 
Follow may not accelerate your vehicle. This is to 
maintain the set interval between your vehicle and 
the vehicle ahead.

When you depress the accelerator pedal and then 
push and release the –/SET button, the current speed 
of the vehicle is set.

612

Driving
■To Adjust the Vehicle Speed
Increase or decrease the vehicle speed using the RES/+ or –/SET buttons on the 
steering wheel.

To increase speed

To decrease speed

• Each time you press the RES/+ or –/SET button, the vehicle speed is increased or 
decreased by about 1 mph or 1 km/h accordingly.

• If you keep the RES/+ or –/SET button pressed, the vehicle speed increases or 
decreases by about 5 mph or 5 km/h accordingly.

■To Set or Change Following-interval
Interval Button Press the interval button to change the ACC 

with Low Speed Follow following-interval.
Each time you press the button, the following-
interval (the interval behind a vehicle detected 
ahead of you) setting cycles through short, 
middle, long, and extra long following-
intervals.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  613 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed FollowDriving
Determine the most appropriate following-interval setting based on your specific 
driving conditions. Be sure to adhere to any following-interval requirements set by 
local regulation.

The higher your vehicle’s following-speed is, the longer the short, middle, long or extra 
long following-interval becomes. See the following examples for your reference.

When the Set Speed is:
Vehicle Interval

50 mph (80 km/h) 65 mph (104 km/h)

83 feet 100 feet
Short 25 meters 31 meters

1.1 sec 1.1 sec

110 feet 137 feet
Middle 33 meters 42 meters

1.5 sec 1.5 sec

154 feet 200 feet
Long 47 meters 61 meters

2.1 sec 2.1 sec

204 feet 265 feet
Extra 

62 meters 81 meters
Long

2.8 sec 2.8 sec

When your vehicle stops automatically because a vehicle detected ahead of you has 
stopped, the interval between the two vehicles will vary based on the ACC with Low 
Speed Follow interval setting.
Continued 613



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  614 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1To Cancel
Resuming the prior set speed: After you have 
canceled ACC with Low Speed Follow, you can 
resume the prior set speed while it is still displayed. 
Press the RES/+ button when driving at a speed of at 
least 25 mph (40 km/h) or more.

The set speed cannot be set or resumed when ACC 
with Low Speed Follow has been turned off using the 

 button. Press the  button to activate the 
system, then set the desired speed.

614

Driving
■To Cancel
To cancel ACC with Low Speed Follow, do any 
of the following:
• Press the CANCEL button.

CANCEL u The  indicator (green) on the driver 
Button information interface changes to the  

indicator (white).
 • Press the  button.

Button u  indicator (green) goes off.
• Depress the brake pedal while the vehicle is 

moving forward.
u The  indicator (green) on the driver 

information interface changes to the  
indicator (white).



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  615 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1Automatic cancellation
Even though ACC with Low Speed Follow has been 
automatically canceled, you can still resume the prior 
set speed. Wait until the condition that caused ACC 
with Low Speed Follow to cancel improves, then 
press the RES/+ button.

Driving
■Automatic cancellation
The beeper sounds and a message appears on the driver information interface when 
ACC with Low Speed Follow is automatically canceled. Any of these conditions may 
cause the ACC with Low Speed Follow to automatically cancel:
• Bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).
• When the radar sensor inside the front grille gets dirty.
• The vehicle ahead of you cannot be detected.
• An abnormal tire condition is detected, or the tires are skidding.
• Driving on a mountainous road, or driving off road for extended periods.
• Abrupt steering wheel movement.
• When the ABS or VSA® or CMBSTM is activated.
• When the ABS or VSA® system indicator comes on.
• When the vehicle is stopped on a very steep slope.
• When you manually apply the parking brake.
• When the detected vehicle within the ACC with Low Speed Follow range is too 

close to your vehicle.
• The camera behind the rearview mirror, or the area around the camera, including 

the windshield, gets dirty.
• When the Maximum Load Limit is exceeded.
• When passing through an enclosed space, such as tunnel.
The ACC with Low Speed Follow automatic cancellation can be also triggered by the 
following causes. In these cases, the parking brake will be automatically applied.
• The driver’s seat belt is unfastened when the vehicle is stationary.
• The vehicle stops for more than 10 minutes.
• The power system is turned off.
In the following cases, a buzzer sounds, ACC with Low Speed Follow is deactivated, 
and the Cruise Cancelled: System Not Available message appears in the driver 
information interface.
• The vehicle has repeatedly applied the brakes to maintain the set speed (for 

example, you are descending a long slope).
Continued 615



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  616 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1To Switch ACC with Low Speed Follow to Cruise Control
Always be aware which mode you are in. When you 
are driving in Cruise mode, the system will not assist 
you to maintain a following-interval from a vehicle 
ahead of you.

You can switch the displayed set speed 
measurements on the driver information interface 
between mph and km/h.

2 Units P. 138

616

Driving
■To Switch ACC with Low Speed Follow to Cruise Control

ACC with Low Press and hold the  (interval) button for one 
Speed Follow Cruise second. Cruise Mode Selected appears on 
ON Control ON the driver information interface for two 

seconds, and then the mode switches to 
Cruise.
To switch back to ACC with Low Speed 
Follow, press and hold the  (interval) button 

 (white)  (white) again for one second. ACC Mode Selected 
appears on the driver information interface for 
two seconds.

■When to use
Desired speed in a range above roughly 25 mph (40 km/h) ~.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  617 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uAdaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low Speed Follow

1To Cancel
Resuming the prior set speed:
After cruise control has been canceled, you can still 
resume the prior set speed by pressing the RES/+ 
button while driving at a speed of at least 25 mph (40 
km/h) or more.

You cannot set or resume in the following situations:
• When vehicle speed is less than 25 mph (40 km/h)
• When the  button is turned off.

At vehicle speeds of 22 mph (35 km/h) or less, cruise 
control canceled automatically.

Driving
■To Set the Vehicle Speed
Take your foot off the pedal and press the –/SET button when you reach the desired 
speed.
The moment you release the –/SET button, the set speed is fixed, and cruise control 
begins. The  indicator (green) comes on.
When you use cruise control, Straight Driving Assist (a feature of the Electric Power 
Steering system) is activated.
By enabling the steering system to automatically compensate for natural steering pull, 
Straight Driving Assist makes it easier for you to keep your vehicle in a straight line.

■To Adjust the Vehicle Speed
Each time you press the RES/+ or –/SET button, the vehicle speed is increased or 
decreased by about 1 mph (1 km/h).
If you keep the RES/+ or –/SET button pressed, the vehicle speed increases or 
decreases until you release it. This speed is then set.

■To Cancel
To cancel cruise control, do any of the following:
• Press the CANCEL button.
u The  indicator (green) on the driver information interface change to the  

indicator (white.)
• Press the  button.
u  indicator (green) goes off.

• Depress the brake pedal.
u The  indicator (green) on the driver information interface change to the  

indicator (white.)
617



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  618 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

1Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)
Important Safety Reminders
The LKAS is for your convenience only. It is not a 
substitute for your vehicle control. The system does 
not work if you take your hands off the steering 
wheel or fail to steer the vehicle.

2 Driver Information Interface Warning and 
Information Messages P. 108

Do not place objects on the instrument panel. 
Objects may reflect on the front windshield and 
prevent correct detection of the traffic lanes.

The LKAS only alerts you when lane drift is detected 
without a turn signal in use. The LKAS may not detect 
all lane markings or lane departures; accuracy will 
vary based on weather, speed, and lane marker 
condition. It is always your responsibility to safely 
operate the vehicle and avoid collisions.

The LKAS is convenient when it is used on freeways.

The LKAS may not work properly or may work 
improperly under the certain conditions:

2 LKAS Conditions and Limitations P. 624

You can read about handling information for the 
camera equipped with this system.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

When it fails to detect lanes, the system will 
temporarily be canceled. When lane is detected, 
system will recover automatically.

618

Driving
Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)
Provides steering input to help keep the vehicle in the middle of a detected lane and 
provides tactile and visual alerts if the vehicle is detected drifting out of its lane.

■ Steering input assist
The system applies torque to the steering to keep the vehicle between the left and 
right lane lines. The applied torque becomes stronger as the vehicle gets closer to 
either of the lane lines.

■ Front sensor camera
Monitors the lane lines

■ Tactile and visual alerts
Rapid vibrations on the steering 
wheel and a warning display 
alert you that the vehicle is 
drifting out of a detected lane.

When you operate the turn signals to change lanes, the system is suspended, and 
resumes after the signals are off.
If you make a lane change without operating the turn signals, the LKAS alerts 
activate, and torque is applied to the steering.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  619 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

1Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)
The LKAS may not function as designed while driving 
in frequent stop and go traffic, or on roads with 
sharp curves.

Driving
■ Lane Keep Support Function
Provides assistance to keep the vehicle in the center of the lane. When the vehicle 
nears a white or yellow line, steering force of the electric power steering will become 
stronger.

■ Lane Departure Warning Function
When the vehicle enters the warning area, the LKAS alerts you with slight steering 
wheel vibration as well as a warning display.

Warning Area

Warning Area
Continued 619



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  620 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

1Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)
If the vehicle drifts toward either left or right lane line 
due to the system applying torque, turn off the LKAS 
and have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

620

Driving
■When the System can be Used
The system can be used when the following conditions are met.
• The lane in which you are driving has detectable lane markers on both sides, and 

your vehicle is in the center of the lane.
• The vehicle is traveling between about 45 and 90 mph (72 and 145 km/h).
• You are driving on a straight or slightly curved road.
• The turn signals are off.
• The brake pedal is not depressed.
• The wipers are not in high speed operation.

■How to activate the system
1. Press the LKAS button.

 (white) u Lane outlines appear on the driver 
LKAS Button information interface.

The icon is on in the driver information 
interface.
The system is ready to use.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  621 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)Driving
 (green) is on. 2. Keep your vehicle near the center of the 
lane while driving.
u The dotted outer lines change to solid 

ones once the system starts operating 
after detecting the left and right lane 
markings.

■To Cancel
Press the LKAS button.

The LKAS is turned off every time you stop the 
engine, even if you turned it on the last time 

LKAS Button you drove the vehicle.
Continued 621



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  622 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

1The system operation is suspended if you:
You can change the setting for the LKAS.
LKAS suspended beep ON and OFF can be selected.

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465

622

Driving
 (white) is on. ■ The system operation is suspended if 
you:

• Set the wipers to high speed.
u Turning the wipers off, setting it to LO, 

or the wipers are operating intermittently 
resumes the LKAS.

• Decrease the vehicle speed to about 40 
mph (64 km/h) or less.

When the LKAS is suspended, u Increasing the vehicle speed to about 45 
the lane lines on the driver 
information interface change mph (72 km/h) or more resumes the 
to contour lines, and the beeper LKAS.
sounds (if activated). • Depress the brake pedal.

u The LKAS resumes and starts detecting 
the lane lines again once you release the 
brake pedal.

• Your vehicle is driving to the right or the left 
of the lane.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  623 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)Driving
■ The LKAS may automatically be suspended when:
• The system fails to detect lane lines.
• The steering wheel is quickly turned.
• You fail to steer the vehicle.
• Driving through a sharp curve.
• Driving at a speed in excess of approximately 90 mph (145 km/h).

Once these conditions no longer exist, the LKAS automatically resumes.

■ The LKAS may automatically be canceled when:
• The camera temperature gets extremely high.
• The camera behind the rearview mirror, or the area around the camera, including 

the windshield, gets dirty.
• The ABS or VSA® system engages.

The beeper sounds if the LKAS is automatically canceled.
Continued 623



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  624 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

624

Driving
■ LKAS Conditions and Limitations
The system may not detect lane markings and therefore may not keep the vehicle in 
the middle of a lane under certain conditions, including the following:

■ Environmental conditions
• Driving in bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).
• Sudden changes between light and dark, such as an entrance or exit of a tunnel.
• There is little contrast between lane lines and the roadway surface.
• Driving into low sunlight (e.g., at dawn or dusk).
• Strong light is reflected onto the roadway.
• Driving in the shadows of trees, buildings, etc.
• Shadows of adjacent objects are parallel to lane markings.
• Roadway objects or structures are misinterpreted as lane markers.
• Reflections on the interior of the windshield.
• Driving at night or in a dark condition such as a tunnel.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  625 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)Driving
■Roadway conditions
• Driving on a snowy or wet roadway (obscured lane marking, vehicle tracks, 

reflected lights, road spray, high contrast).
• Driving on a road with temporary lane markings.
• Faint, multiple, or varied lane markings are visible on the roadway due to road 

repairs or old lane markings.

Faded lines Duplicate lines Tire tracks

• The roadway has merging, split, or crossing lines (e.g., such as at an intersection 
or crosswalk).

• The lane markings are extremely narrow, wide, or changing.
Very wide or narrow traffic lane

• The vehicle in front of you is driving near the lane lines.
• The road is hilly or the vehicle is approaching the crest of a hill.
• Driving on rough or unpaved roads, or over bumpy surfaces.
Continued 625



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  626 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uLane Keeping Assist System (LKAS)

626

Driving
• When objects on the road (curb, guard rail, pylons, etc.) are recognized as white 
lines (or yellow lines).

• Driving on roads with double lines.
Lane void of lines at junction

■Vehicle conditions
• Headlight lenses are dirty or the headlights are not properly adjusted.
• The outside of the windshield is streaked or blocked by dirt, mud, leaves, wet 

snow, etc.
• The inside of the windshield is fogged.
• The camera temperature gets too high.
• An abnormal tire or wheel condition (wrong sized, varied size or construction, 

improperly inflated, compact spare tire, etc.).
• The vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load or suspension modifications.
• The vehicle is towing a trailer.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  627 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRoad Departure Mitigation (RDM) System

1Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System
Important Safety Reminder
Like all assistance systems, the RDM system has 
limitations.
Over-reliance on the RDM system may result in a 
collision. It is always your responsibility to keep the 
vehicle within your driving lane.

The RDM system only alerts you when lane drift is 
detected without a turn signal in use. The RDM 
system may not detect all lane markings or lane or 
roadway departures; accuracy will vary based on 
weather, speed and lane marker condition. It is 
always your responsibility to safely operate the 
vehicle and avoid collisions.

You can read about handling information for the 
camera equipped with this system.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

The RDM system may not work properly or may work 
improperly under the certain conditions:

2 RDM Conditions and Limitations P. 630

There are times when you may not notice RDM 
functions due to your operation of the vehicle, or 
road surface conditions.

Driving
Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System
Alerts and helps to assist you when the system detects a possibility of your vehicle 
unintentionally crossing over detected lane markings and/or leaving the roadway 
altogether.

■How the System Works
The front camera behind the rearview mirror 
monitors left and right lane markings (in white 
or yellow). If your vehicle is getting too close 
to detected lane markings without a turn 
signal activated, the system, in addition to a 
visual alert, applies steering torque and alerts 
you with rapid vibrations on the steering 
wheel, to help you remain within the detected 
lane.

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465

As a visual alert, the Lane Departure 
message appears on the driver information 
interface.

If the system determines that its steering input 
is insufficient to keep your vehicle on the 
roadway, it may apply braking.
u Braking is applied only when the lane 

markings are solid continuous lines.
The system cancels assisting operations when you turn the steering wheel to avoid 
crossing over detected lane markings.

If the system operates several times without detecting driver response, the system 
beeps to alert you.
Continued 627



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  628 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRoad Departure Mitigation (RDM) System

1Road Departure Mitigation (RDM) System
If LKAS is off and you have selected Narrow from the 
customised options using the driver information interface* 
or audio/information screen*, the message below will 
appear in case the system determines a possibility of your 
vehicle crossing over detected lane markings.

2 Driver Information Interface Warning and 
Information Messages P. 108

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465

1How the System Activates
The RDM system may automatically shut off and the 
safety support indicator (amber) comes and stays on.

2 Indicators P. 88

RDM system function can be impacted when the 
vehicle is:
• Not driven within a traffic lane.
• Driven on the inside edge of a curve, or outside of 

a lane.
• Driven in a narrow lane.

628

Driving
■How the System Activates
The system becomes ready to start searching for lane markings when all the 
following conditions are met:
• The vehicle is traveling between about 45 and 90 mph (72 and 145 km/h).
• The vehicle is on a straight or slightly curved road.
• The turn signals are off.
• The brake pedal is not depressed.
• The wipers are not in high speed operation.
• The vehicle is not accelerating or braking, and the steering wheel is not being 

turned.
• The system makes a determination that the driver is not actively accelerating, 

braking or steering.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  629 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRoad Departure Mitigation (RDM) System

1RDM On and Off
When you have selected Warning Only from the 
customized options using the driver information 
interface* or audio/information screen*, the system 
does not operate the steering wheel and braking.

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465

Driving
■RDM On and Off
3 / 4  Button When you turn the RDM on and off, do the 

following.
1. Press the safety support switch.
2. Press the 3 /4  button to select  symbol, 

then press ENTER.
u A tick appears in the box and the color of 

the  symbol changes green when the 
system is on. The tick disappears and the 
color of the  symbol changes gray 
when the system is off.

Safety Support Switch

The RDM is in the previously selected on or off 
setting each time you start the power system.
* Not available on all models Continued 629



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  630 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRoad Departure Mitigation (RDM) System

630

Driving
■RDM Conditions and Limitations
The system may not properly detect lane markings and the position of your vehicle 
under certain conditions. Some examples of these conditions are listed below.

■ Environmental conditions
• Driving in bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).
• Sudden changes between light and dark, such as an entrance or exit of a tunnel.
• There is little contrast between lane lines and the roadway surface.
• Driving into low sunlight (e.g., at dawn or dusk).
• Strong light is reflected onto the roadway.
• Driving in the shadows of trees, buildings, etc.
• Shadows of adjacent objects are parallel to lane markings.
• Roadway objects or structures are misinterpreted as lane markers.
• Reflections on the interior of the windshield.
• Driving at night or in a dark condition such as a tunnel.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  631 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRoad Departure Mitigation (RDM) SystemDriving
■Roadway conditions
• Driving on a snowy or wet roadway (obscured lane marking, vehicle tracks, 

reflected lights, road spray, high contrast).
• Driving on a road with temporary lane markings.
• Faint, multiple, or varied lane markings are visible on the roadway due to road 

repairs or old lane markings.
• The roadway has merging, split, or crossing lines (e.g., such as at an intersection 

or crosswalk).
• The lane markings are extremely narrow, wide, or changing.
• The vehicle in front of you is driving near the lane lines.
• The road is hilly or the vehicle is approaching the crest of a hill.
• Driving on rough or unpaved roads, or over bumpy surfaces.
• When objects on the road (curb, guard rail, pylons, etc.) are recognized as white 

lines (or yellow lines).
• Driving on roads with double lines.

■Vehicle conditions
• Headlight lenses are dirty or the headlights are not properly adjusted.
• The outside of the windshield is streaked or blocked by dirt, mud, leaves, wet 

snow, etc.
• The inside of the windshield is fogged.
• The camera temperature gets too high.
• An abnormal tire or wheel condition (wrong sized, varied size or construction, 

improperly inflated, compact spare tire, etc.).
• The vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load or suspension modifications.
• When tire chains are installed.
• The vehicle is towing a trailer.
631



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  632 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uTraffic Sign Recognition System

1Traffic Sign Recognition System
Not all signs may be displayed, but any signs posted 
on roadsides should not be ignored. The system does 
not work on the designated traffic signs of all the 
countries you travel, nor in all situations.
Do not rely too much on the system. Always drive at 
speeds appropriate for the road conditions.

Never apply a film or attach any objects to the 
windshield that could obstruct the camera’s field of 
vision and cause the system to operate abnormally.
Scratches, nicks, and other damage to the windshield 
within the camera’s field of vision can cause the 
system to operate abnormally. If this occurs, we 
recommend that you replace the windshield with a 
genuine Honda replacement windshield. Making even 
minor repairs within the camera’s field of vision or 
installing an aftermarket replacement windshield may 
also cause the system to operate abnormally. After 
replacing the windshield, have a dealer recalibrate the 
camera. Proper calibration of the camera is necessary 
for the system to operate properly.

To help reduce the likelihood that high interior 
temperatures will cause the camera’s sensing system to 
shut off, when parking, find a shady area or face the front 
of the vehicle away from the sun. If you use a reflective sun 
shade, do not allow it to cover the camera housing.
Covering the camera can concentrate heat on it.

You can read about handling information for the 
camera equipped with this system.

2 Front Sensor Camera P. 637

632

Driving
Traffic Sign Recognition System
Reminds you of road sign information, such as the current speed limit, your vehicle 
has just passed through, showing it on the driver information interface.

■How the System Works
When the camera located behind the rearview mirror captures traffic signs while 
driving, the system displays the ones that are recognized as designated for your 
vehicle. The sign icon will be displayed until the vehicle reaches a predetermined 
time and distance.
If the system does not detect any traffic signs while you are driving, the sign icon will 
not be displayed

The sign icon also may switch to another one, or disappear when:
• The other designated limit is detected.
• You make a turn with a turn signal at an intersection.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  633 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uTraffic Sign Recognition System

1Traffic Sign Recognition System Conditions and Limitations
When the traffic sign recognition system 
malfunctions,  appears on the driver information 
interface. If this message does not disappear, have 
your vehicle checked by a dealer.

Driving
■Traffic Sign Recognition System Conditions and Limitations
The traffic sign recognition system may not be able to recognize the traffic sign in 
the following cases.

■Vehicle conditions
• Headlight lenses are dirty or the headlights are not properly adjusted.
• The outside of the windshield is blocked by dirt, mud, leaves, wet snow, etc.
• The inside of the windshield is fogged.
• There are portions remaining to be wiped.
• An abnormal tire or wheel condition (wrong sized, varied size or construction, 

improperly inflated, compact spare tire, etc.).
• The vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load or suspension modifications.

■ Environmental conditions
• Driving into low sunlight (e.g., at dawn or dusk).
• Strong light is reflected onto the roadway.
• Sudden changes between light and dark, such as an entrance or exit of a tunnel.
• When you drive in the shadows of trees, buildings, etc.
• Driving at night, in dark areas such as long tunnels.
• Driving in bad weather (rain, fog, snow, etc.).
• A vehicle in front of you is traveling flying up spray or snow.
Continued 633



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  634 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uTraffic Sign Recognition System

634

Driving
■ The position or the condition of the traffic sign
• A sign is hard to be found since it is in a complicated area.
• A sign is located far away from your vehicle.
• A sign is located where the beam of the headlight is hard to reach.
• A sign is on a corner or bend in the road.
• Faded or bent signs.
• Rotated or damaged signs.
• A sign is covered with mud, snow, or frost.
• A part of the sign is hidden by the trees, or the sign itself is hidden by a vehicle 

and others.
• Light (a streetlight) or a shadow is reflected on the surface of the sign.
• A sign is too bright or too dark (an electric sign).
• A sign of a small size.

■Other conditions
• When you are driving at a high speed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  635 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uTraffic Sign Recognition SystemDriving
The traffic sign recognition system may not operate correctly, such as displaying a 
sign that does not follow the actual regulation for the roadway or does not exist at 
all in the following cases.
u A speed limit sign may display at a higher or lower speed than the actual speed 

limit.
• There is a supplementary sign with further information such as weather, time, 

vehicle type, school zone, etc.
• Figures on the sign are hard to read (electric signs, numbers on the sign are 

blurred, etc.).
• A sign is in the vicinity of the lane you are driving even though it is not for the lane 

(speed limit sign situated at the junction between the side road and the main 
road, etc.).

• There are things that look similar to the color or shape of the recognition object 
(similar sign, electric sign, signboard, structure, etc.).

• A truck or another large vehicle with a sticker of the speed limit sign on the back 
are traveling in front of you.
Continued 635



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  636 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uTraffic Sign Recognition System

636

Driving
■Signs Displayed on the Driver information interface
The speed limit sign icon is displayed on the upper right half of the screen.

Speed Limit Sign

■ Speed limit sign on and off
You can switch on and off the speed limit sign on the driver information interface* 
or audio/information screen*.

2 Vehicle Customization P. 143
2 Customized Features P. 465
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  637 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uFront Sensor Camera

1Front Sensor Camera
Never apply a film or attach any objects to the 
windshield, the hood, or the front grille that could 
obstruct the camera’s field of vision and cause the 
system to operate abnormally.
Scratches, nicks, and other damage to the windshield 
within the camera’s field of vision can cause the 
system to operate abnormally. If this occurs, we 
recommend that you replace the windshield with a 
genuine Honda replacement windshield. Making 
even minor repairs within the camera’s field of vision 
or installing an aftermarket replacement windshield 
may also cause the system to operate abnormally.
After replacing the windshield, have a dealer 
recalibrate the camera. Proper calibration of the 
camera is necessary for the system to operate 
properly.

Do not place an object on the top of the instrument 
panel. It may reflect onto the windshield and prevent 
the system from detecting lane lines properly.

Driving
Front Sensor Camera
The camera, used in systems such as LKAS, RDM, ACC with Low Speed Follow, 
Traffic Sign Recognition System, and CMBSTM, is designed to detect an object that 
triggers any of the systems to operate its functions.

■Camera Location and Handling Tips
Front Sensor This camera is located behind the rearview 
Camera mirror.

To help reduce the likelihood that high interior 
temperatures will cause the camera’s sensing 
system to shut off, when parking, find a shady 
area or face the front of the vehicle away from 
the sun. If you use a reflective sun shade, do 
not allow it to cover the camera housing.
Covering the camera can concentrate heat on 
it.
Continued 637



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  638 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uFront Sensor Camera

1Front Sensor Camera
If the Some Driver Assist Systems Cannot 
Operate: Camera Temperature Too High message 
appears:
• Use the climate control system to cool down the 

interior and, if necessary, also use defroster mode 
with the airflow directed towards the camera.

• Start driving the vehicle to lower the windshield 
temperature, which cools down the area around 
the camera.

If the Some Driver Assist Systems Cannot 
Operate: Clean Front Windshield message 
appears:
• Park your vehicle in a safe place, and clean the 

windshield. If the message does not disappear after 
you have cleaned the windshield and driven for a 
while, have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

638

Driving



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  639 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuHonda Sensing®uRadar Sensor

1Radar Sensor
Avoid strong impacts to the radar sensor cover.

For the CMBSTM to work properly:
• Always keep the radar sensor cover clean.
• Never use chemical solvents or polishing powder 

for cleaning the sensor cover. Clean it with water 
or a mild detergent.

• Do not put a sticker on the radar sensor cover or 
replace the radar sensor cover.

If you need the radar sensor to be repaired, or 
removed, or the radar sensor cover is strongly 
impacted, turn off the system by using the CMBSTM 
OFF button and take your vehicle to a dealer.

2 CMBSTM On and Off P. 595

If the vehicle is involved in any of the following 
situations, the radar sensor may not work properly. 
Have your vehicle checked by a dealer:
• Your vehicle is involved in a frontal collision.
• Your vehicle drives through deep water or is 

submerged in deep water.
• Your vehicle strongly strikes a bump, curb, chock, 

or embankment that could jar the radar sensor.

Driving
Radar Sensor
The radar sensor is in the front grille.

Radar Sensor
639



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  640 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

640

Driving
Braking
1Brake System
When you depress the brake pedal, you may hear a 
whirling sound from the engine compartment. This is 
because the brake system is in operation, and it is 
normal.

1Parking Brake
You may hear the electric parking brake system 
motor operating from the rear wheel area when you 
apply or release the parking brake. This is normal.

The brake pedal may slightly move due to the electric 
parking brake system operation when you apply or 
release the parking brake. This is normal.

You cannot apply or release the parking brake if the 
battery goes dead.

2 If the Battery Is Dead P. 737

If you press and hold the electric parking brake 
switch while driving the brakes on all four 
wheels are applied by the VSA® system until the 
vehicle comes to a stop. The electric parking 
brake then applies, and the switch should be 
released.
Brake System
■Parking Brake
Use the parking brake to keep the vehicle stationary when parked. When the 
parking brake is applied, you can manually or automatically release it.

■ To apply
The electric parking brake can be applied any 
time the vehicle has battery, no matter which 
position the power mode is in.
Press the electric parking brake switch gently 
and securely.
u The parking brake and brake system 

indicator comes on.
Electric Parking Brake Switch



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  641 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake System

1Parking Brake
In the following situations, the parking brake 
automatically operates.
• When the vehicle stops more than 10 minutes 

while ACC with Low Speed Follow is activated.
• When the driver’s seat belt is unfastened while 

your vehicle is stopped automatically by ACC with 
Low Speed Follow.

• When the engine is turned off, except by Auto Idle 
Stop system, while ACC with Low Speed Follow is 
activated.

• When the vehicle stops with the automatic brake 
hold system activated for more than 10 minutes.

• When the driver’s seat belt is unfastened while 
your vehicle is stopped and brake hold is applied.

• When the engine is turned off, except by Auto Idle 
Stop system, while brake hold system is applied.

• When there is a problem with the brake hold 
system while brake hold is applied.

Driving
■ To release
The power mode must be in ON in order to 
release the electric parking brake.
1. Depress the brake pedal fully.
2. Pull the electric parking brake switch up 

gently and securely.
u The parking brake and brake system 

indicator goes off.
Electric Parking Brake Switch

Manually releasing the parking brake using 
the switch helps your vehicle start slowly and 
smoothly when facing down hill on steep hills.
Continued 641



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  642 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake System

1Parking Brake
If the parking brake cannot be released 
automatically, release it manually.

When the vehicle is traveling uphill, the accelerator 
pedal may need to be pressed farther to 
automatically release the electric parking brake.

The parking brake cannot be released automatically 
while the following indicators are on:
• Malfunction indicator lamp
• Transmission system indicator

The parking brake may not be released automatically 
while the following indicators are on:
• Parking brake and brake system indicator
• VSA® system indicator
• ABS indicator
• Supplemental restraint system indicator

642

Driving
■ To release automatically
Depressing the accelerator pedal releases the parking brake.
Use the accelerator pedal to release the brake when you are starting the vehicle 
facing uphill, or in a traffic jam.

Gently depress the accelerator pedal.
When on a hill, it may require more 
accelerator input to release.
u The parking brake and brake system 

indicator goes off.

Accelerator Pedal
You can release the parking brake automatically when:
• You are wearing the driver’s seat belt.
• The engine is running.
• The transmission is not in (P  or (N .



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  643 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake System

1Foot Brake
Check the brakes after driving through deep water, 
or if there is a buildup of road surface water. If 
necessary, dry the brakes by lightly depressing the 
pedal several times.

If you hear a continuous metallic friction sound when 
applying the brakes, this is caused by the brake wear 
indicator rubbing on the brake rotor and indicates 
that the brake pads need to be replaced. Have the 
vehicle checked by a dealer. If you hear only an 
occasional squeak or squeal when you initially apply 
the brake pedal, this may be normal and caused by 
high frequency vibration of the brake pads against 
the rotating brake disc.

Constantly using the brake pedal while going down a 
long hill builds up heat, which reduces the brake 
effectiveness. Apply engine braking by taking your 
foot off the accelerator pedal and downshifting to a 
lower gear.

Do not rest your foot on the brake pedal while 
driving, as it will lightly apply the brakes and cause 
them to lose effectiveness over time and reduce pad 
life. It will also confuse drivers behind you.

Whenever the brakes are activated by CMBSTM or 
another system that automatically controls braking, 
the brake pedal is depressed and released in 
accordance with braking function.

Driving
■ Foot Brake
Your vehicle is equipped with disc brakes at all four wheels. The brake assist system 
increases the stopping force when you depress the brake pedal hard in an 
emergency situation. The anti-lock brake system (ABS) helps you retain steering 
control when braking very hard.

2 Brake Assist System P. 647
2 Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) P. 646
Continued 643



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  644 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake System

1Automatic Brake Hold

3WARNING
Activating the automatic brake hold system 
on steep hills or slippery roads may still 
allow the vehicle to move if you remove 
your foot from the brake pedal.

If a vehicle unexpectedly moves, it may 
cause a crash resulting in serious injury or 
death.

Never activate the automatic brake hold 
system or rely on it to keep a vehicle from 
moving when stopped on a steep hill or 
slippery roads.

3WARNING
Using the automatic brake hold system to 
park the vehicle may result in the vehicle 
unexpectedly moving.

If a vehicle moves unexpectedly, it may 
cause a crash, resulting in serious injury or 
death.

Never leave the vehicle when braking is 
temporarily kept by automatic brake hold 
and always park the vehicle by putting the 
transmission in (P and applying the parking 
brake.

644

Driving
■Automatic Brake Hold
Keeps the brake applied after releasing the brake pedal until the accelerator pedal is 
pressed. You can use this system while the vehicle is temporarily stopped, like at 
traffic lights and in heavy traffic.

■ Turning on the system ■Activating the system ■Canceling the system

On On
Comes 
On U.S.

Comes On
U.S. On Canada

Comes 
Automatic Brake Hold Canada On Comes 
Button On

Brake Pedal Accelerator Pedal

Fasten your seat belt Depress the brake pedal Depress the accelerator 
properly, then start the to come to a complete pedal while the 
engine. Press the stop. The transmission transmission is in (D.
automatic brake hold must be in (D or (N. The system is canceled 
button. ● The automatic brake and the vehicle starts to 
● The automatic brake hold indicator comes move.

hold system indicator on. Braking is kept for ● The automatic brake 
comes on. The system is up to 10 minutes. hold system indicator 
turned on. ● Release the brake comes on. The system 

pedal after the continues to be on.
automatic brake hold 
indicator comes on.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  645 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake System

1Automatic Brake Hold
While the system is activated, you can turn off the 
engine or park the vehicle through the same 
procedure as you normally do.

2 When Stopped P. 648

Whether the system is on, or the system is activated, 
the automatic brake hold turns off once the engine is 
off.

1Turning off the automatic brake hold system
Make sure to turn off the automatic brake hold 
system before using an automated car wash.

You may hear an operating noise if the vehicle moves 
while the automatic brake hold system is in 
operation.

Driving
■ The system automatically cancels when:
• You engage the parking brake.
• You depress the brake pedal and put the transmission into (P  or (R.

■ The system automatically cancels and the parking brake is applied when:
• Braking is kept for more than 10 minutes.
• The driver’s seat belt is unfastened.
• The engine is turned off.
• Brake Hold System Problem appears on the driver information interface.
• There is a problem with automatic brake hold system.

■ Turning off the automatic brake hold system
While the system is on, press the automatic 
brake hold button again.
u The automatic brake hold system 

Goes indicator goes off.
Off

If you want to turn off automatic brake hold 
while the system is in operation, press the 

Automatic Brake Hold automatic brake hold button with the brake 
Button pedal depressed.
645



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  646 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguAnti-lock Brake System (ABS)

1Anti-lock Brake System (ABS)

NOTICE
The ABS may not function correctly if you use a tire of 
the wrong size or type.

If the ABS indicator comes on while driving, there 
may be a problem with the system. While normal 
braking will not be affected, there is a possibility that 
the ABS will not operating. Have your vehicle 
checked by a dealer immediately.

The ABS is not designed for the purpose of reducing 
the time or distance it takes for a vehicle to stop: It is 
designed to limit brake lockup which can lead to 
skidding and loss of steering control.

In the following cases, your vehicle may need more 
distance to stop than a vehicle without the ABS:
• You are driving on rough or uneven road surfaces, 

such as gravel or snow.
• The tires are equipped with snow chains.

The following may be observed with the ABS system:
• Motor sounds coming from the engine 

compartment when the brakes are applied, or 
when system checks are being performed after the 
engine has been started and while the vehicle 
accelerates.

• Brake pedal and/or the vehicle body vibration when 
ABS activates.

These vibrations and sounds are normal to ABS 
systems and are no cause for concern.

646

Driving
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS)
■ABS
Helps prevent the wheels from locking up, and helps you retain steering control by 
pumping the brakes rapidly, much faster than you.

The electronic brake distribution (EBD) system, which is part of the ABS, also 
balances the front-to-rear braking distribution according to vehicle loading.

You should never pump the brake pedal. Let the ABS work for you by always 
keeping firm, steady pressure on the brake pedal. This is sometimes referred to as 
“stomp and steer.”

■ABS operation
The brake pedal may pulsate slightly when the ABS is working. Depress the brake 
pedal and keep holding the pedal firmly down. On dry pavement, you will need to 
press on the brake pedal very hard before the ABS activates. However, you may feel 
the ABS activate immediately if you are trying to stop on snow or ice.

ABS may activate when you depress the brake pedal when driving on:
• Wet or snow covered roads.
• Roads paved with stone.
• Roads with uneven surfaces, such as potholes, cracks, manholes, etc.

When the vehicle speed goes under 6 mph (10 km/h), the ABS stops.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  647 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBrakinguBrake Assist SystemDriving
Brake Assist System
Designed to assist the driver by generating greater braking force when you depress 
the brake pedal hard during emergency braking.

■Brake assist system operation
Press the brake pedal firmly for more powerful braking.

When brake assist operates, the pedal may wiggle slightly and an operating noise 
may be heard. This is normal. Keep holding the brake pedal firmly down.
647



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  648 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

648

Driving
Parking Your Vehicle
1Parking Your Vehicle
Do not park your vehicle near flammable objects, 
such as dry grass, oil, or timber.
Heat from the exhaust can cause a fire.

1When Stopped

NOTICE
The following can damage the transmission:
• Depressing the accelerator and brake pedals 

simultaneously.
• Holding the vehicle in place when facing uphill by 

depressing the accelerator pedal.
• Changing into (P before the vehicle stops 

completely.

In extremely cold temperatures, the parking brake 
may freeze up if applied. If such temperatures are 
expected, do not apply the parking brake but, if 
parking on a slope, either turn the front wheels so 
they will contact the curb if the vehicle rolls down the 
slope or block the wheels to keep the vehicle from 
moving. If you do not take either precaution, the 
vehicle may roll unexpectedly, leading to a crash.
When Stopped
1. Depress the brake pedal firmly.
2. With the brake pedal depressed, press the electric parking brake switch slowly, 

but fully.
3. Change the gear position to (P .
4. Turn off the engine.
u The parking brake and brake system indicator goes off in about 15 seconds.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  649 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuWhen Stopped

1When Stopped

3WARNING
The vehicle can roll away if left unattended 
without confirming that Park is engaged.

A vehicle that rolls away could cause a crash 
resulting in serious injury or death.

Always keep your foot on the brake pedal 
until you have confirmed that (P is shown 
on the gear position Indicator.

Driving
Always set the parking brake particularly if you are parked on an incline.
649



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  650 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuParking Sensor System*

1Parking Sensor System*

Even when the system is on, always confirm if there is 
no obstacle near your vehicle before parking.

The system may not work properly when:
• The sensors are covered with snow, ice, mud or 

dirt, etc.
• The vehicle is on uneven surface, such as grass, 

bumpy road, or a hill.
• The vehicle has been out in hot or cold weather.
• The system is affected by devices that emit 

ultrasonic waves.
• Driving in bad weather.

The system may not sense:
• Thin or low objects.
• Sonic-absorptive materials, such as snow, cotton, 

or sponge.
• Objects directly under the bumper.

Do not put any accessories on or around the sensors.

650

Driving
Parking Sensor System*

The corner and center sensors monitor obstacles around your vehicle, and the 
beeper and the driver information interface or audio/information screen let you 
know the approximate distance between your vehicle and the obstacle.

■ The sensor location and range

Front Corner Sensors Front Center Sensors
Rear Corner Sensors Rear Center Sensors

Within about 24 in (60 cm) or less Front: Within about 30 in (75 cm) or less
Rear: Within about 43 in (110 cm) or less
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  651 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuParking Sensor System*

1Parking sensor system on and off
When you set the power mode to ON, the system will 
be in the previously selected condition.

Driving
■ Parking sensor system on and off
With the power mode in ON, press the 
parking sensor system button to turn on or off 
the system. The indicator in the button comes 
on when the system is on.

The front corner, rear corner and rear center 
sensors start to detect an obstacle when the 
transmission is in (R, and the vehicle speed is 
less than 5 mph (8 km/h).

The front corner and front center sensors start 
to detect an obstacle when the transmission is 
not in (P, and the vehicle speed is less than 5 
mph (8 km/h).
Continued 651



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  652 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuParking Sensor System*

1Screen Operation
The split screen tab disappears, and the split view 
returns to the last camera view mode under the 
following conditions:
• If the parking sensor system is turned off.
• If there is a malfunction in the system.

652

Driving
■ Screen Operation
Split View Off You can switch between split view off and 

split view on by touching the split screen tab.

Split Screen 
Tab

Split View On



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  653 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuParking Sensor System*Driving
■When the distance between your vehicle and obstacles behind becomes shorter

Length of the Distance between the Bumper and Obstacle Audio/information screen/
Indicator

intermittent beep Corner Sensors Center Sensors Driver Information Interface

Rear only: 
Moderate — About 43-30 in 

(110-75 cm) Blinks in Yellow*1

About 30-24 in 
Short —

(75-60 cm) Indicators light where the 
sensor detects an obstacle

About 24-14 in About 24-14 in 
Very short Blinks in Amber

(60-35 cm) (60-35 cm)

About 14 in About 14 in 
Continuous Blinks in Red

(35 cm) or less (35 cm) or less

*1:At this stage, only the center sensors detect obstacles.
Continued 653



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  654 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuParking Sensor System*

1Turning off All Rear Sensors
When you set the gear position to (R, the indicator 
in the parking sensor system button blinks as a 
reminder that the rear sensors have been turned off.

654

Driving
■Turning off All Rear Sensors
1. Make sure that the parking sensor system is not activated. Set the power mode to 

VEHICLE OFF.
2. Press and hold the parking sensor system button, and set the power mode to ON.
3. Keep pressing the button for 10 seconds. Release the button when the indicator 

in the button blinks.
u The beeper sounds once.

4. Press the button again. The indicator in the button goes off.
u The beeper sounds twice. The rear sensors are now turned off.

To turn the rear sensors on again, follow the above procedure. The beeper sounds 
three times when the rear sensors come back on.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  655 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuCross Traffic Monitor*

1Cross Traffic Monitor*

3CAUTION
Cross Traffic Monitor cannot detect all 
approaching vehicles and may not 
detect an approaching vehicle at all.

Failure to visually confirm that it is safe 
to back up the vehicle before doing so 
may result in a collision.

Do not solely rely on the system when 
reversing; always also use your mirrors, 
and look behind and to the sides of your 
vehicle before reversing.

Driving
Cross Traffic Monitor*

Monitors the rear corner areas using the radar sensors when reversing, and alerts 
you if a vehicle approaching from a rear corner is detected.

The system is convenient when you are backing out of a parking space.
* Not available on all models Continued 655



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  656 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuCross Traffic Monitor*

1Cross Traffic Monitor*

Cross Traffic Monitor may not detect or may delay 
alerting an approaching vehicle, or may alert without 
an approaching vehicle under the following 
conditions:
• An obstacle, such as another vehicle and a wall, 

near your vehicle’s rear bumper, is blocking the 
radar sensor’s scope.

• Your vehicle is moving at the speed of about 3 mph 
(5 km/h) or higher.

• A vehicle is approaching at the speed other than 
between about 6 and 16 mph (10 and 25 km/h).

• The system picks up external interference such as 
other radar sensors from another vehicle or strong 
radio wave transmitted from a facility nearby.

• Either corner of the rear bumper is covered with 
snow, ice, mud or dirt.

• When there is bad weather.
• Your vehicle is on an incline.
• Your vehicle is tilted due to a heavy load in the rear.
• Your vehicle is reversing towards a wall, a pole, a 

vehicle, and so on.
• The rear bumper or the sensors have been 

improperly repaired or the rear bumper has been 
deformed. Have your vehicle checked by a dealer.

For proper operation, always keep the rear bumper 
corner area clean.
Do not cover the rear bumper corner area with labels 
or stickers of any kind.

656

Driving
■How the System Works
The system activates when:
• The power mode is in ON.
• The Cross Traffic Monitor system is turned 

on.
2 Cross Traffic Monitor On and Off P. 658

• The transmission is in (R.
• Your vehicle is moving at 3 mph (5 km/h) or 

lower.

Radar sensors:
Underneath the rear bumper 
corners

When a vehicle is detected approaching from a rear corner, Cross Traffic Monitor 
alerts you with a buzzer and a displayed warning.

The system will not detect a vehicle that approaches from directly behind your 
vehicle, nor will it provide alerts about a detected vehicle when it moves directly 
behind your vehicle.

The system does not provide alerts for a vehicle that is moving away from your 
vehicle, and it may alert for pedestrians, bicycles, or stationary objects.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  657 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuCross Traffic Monitor*

1Cross Traffic Monitor*

The parking sensor system’s alerting buzzer overrides 
the Cross Traffic Monitor buzzer when the parking 
sensors are detecting obstacles at the closest range.

1When the System Detects a Vehicle
If the  on the lower right changes to  in amber 
when the transmission is in (R, mud snow or ice may 
have accumulated in the vicinity of the sensor. The 
system is temporarily canceled. Check the bumper 
corners for any obstructions, and thoroughly clean 
the area if necessary.

If the  comes on when the transmission is in (R, 
there may be a problem with the Cross Traffic 
Monitor system. Do not use the system and have your 
vehicle checked by a dealer.

If the display remains the same with the gear position 
is in (R, there may be a problem with the rear 
camera system and the Cross Traffic Monitor system.
Do not use the system and have your vehicle checked 
by a dealer.

Driving
■When the System Detects a Vehicle

Arrow Icon

Normal View Wide View Top Down View

An arrow icon appears on the side a vehicle is approaching on the audio/information 
screen.
* Not available on all models Continued 657



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  658 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuParking Your VehicleuCross Traffic Monitor*

658

Driving
■Cross Traffic Monitor On and Off
You can switch on and off the system using the audio/information screen.
1. Select .
2. Select Settings.
3. Select Camera.
4. Select Rear Camera.
5. Select Cross Traffic Monitor.
6. Select ON or OFF.

The system can also be turned on and off on 
the audio/information screen by pressing the 
Cross Traffic Monitor icon.

Check Your Surroundings

Cross Traffic Monitor Icon



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  659 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Multi-View Rear Camera
1About Your Multi-View Rear Camera
The rear camera view is restricted. You cannot see 
the corner ends of the bumper or what is underneath 
the bumper. Its unique lens also makes objects 
appear closer or farther than they actually are.

Visually confirm that it is safe to drive before backing 
up. Certain conditions (such as weather, lighting, and 
high temperatures) may also restrict the rear view. Do 
not rely on the rearview display which does not give 
you all information about conditions at the back of 
your vehicle.

If the camera lens is covered with dirt or moisture, 
use a soft, moist cloth to keep the lens clean and free 
of debris.

Models with color audio system
You can change the Camera Guideline On or Off 
settings.

2 Customized Features P. 459

Models with Display Audio
You can change the Fixed, Dynamic, Both and OFF 
settings.

2 Customized Features P. 465

Fixed: Guidelines appear when you put the 
transmission into (R.
Dynamic: Guidelines move according to the steering 
wheel direction.
Both: Guidelines appear when you put the 
transmission into (R and Guidelines move according 
to the steering wheel direction.
OFF: Guidelines do not appear.

Driving
About Your Multi-View Rear Camera
The audio/information screen can display your vehicle’s rear view. The display 
automatically changes to the rear view when the transmission is put into (R .

■Multi-View Rear Camera Display Area

Wide View Mode

Approx. 39 inches (1 m)
Approx. 20 inches (50 cm)

Camera Normal View Mode

Top Down View Mode

Guidelines Bumper
Continued 659



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  660 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMulti-View Rear CamerauAbout Your Multi-View Rear Camera

1About Your Multi-View Rear Camera
Models with Display Audio

You can change the Last Used, Normal View and 
Wide View settings.

2 Customized Features P. 465

660

Driving
You can view three different camera modes on the rearview display.
Models with color audio system

Press the selector knob to switch the mode.
Models with Display Audio

Select the appropriate icon to switch the mode.
: Wide view mode
: Normal view mode
: Top down view mode

• If the last used viewing mode was Wide view mode or Normal view mode, the 
same view mode will be activated the next time you put the transmission into (R.

• If Top down view mode was last used before you set the power mode to OFF, 
Wide View mode is selected next time you set the power mode to ON and put the 
transmission into (R .

• If Top down view mode was last used more than 10 seconds after you put the 
transmission out of (R, Wide View mode is selected the next time you put the 
transmission into (R .



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  661 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Refueling
1Fuel Information

NOTICE
We recommend quality gasoline containing 
detergent additives that help prevent fuel system and 
engine deposits. In addition, in order to maintain 
good performance, fuel economy, and emissions 
control, we strongly recommend the use of gasoline 
that does NOT contain harmful manganese-based 
fuel additives such as MMT, if such gasoline is 
available.

Use of gasoline with these additives may adversely 
affect performance, and cause the malfunction 
indicator lamp on your instrument panel to come on. 
If this happens, contact a dealer for service.
Some gasoline today is blended with oxygenates such 
as ethanol. Your vehicle is designed to operate on 
oxygenated gasoline containing up to 15% ethanol 
by volume. Do not use gasoline containing methanol. 
If you notice any undesirable operating symptoms, try 
another service station or switch to another brand of 
gasoline.

Driving
Fuel Information
■ Fuel recommendation
Unleaded gasoline, pump octane number 87 or higher

Use of a lower octane gasoline can cause a persistent, heavy metallic knocking noise 
that can lead to engine damage.

■ Top tier detergent gasoline
Because the level of detergency and additives in gasoline vary in the market, Honda 
endorses the use of “TOP TIER Detergent Gasoline” where available to help 
maintain the performance and reliability of your vehicle. TOP TIER Detergent 
Gasoline meets a new gasoline standard jointly established by leading automotive 
manufacturers to meet the needs of today’s advanced engines.

Qualifying gasoline retailers will, in most cases, identify their gasoline as having met 
“TOP TIER Detergent Gasoline” standards at the retail location. This fuel is 
guaranteed to contain the proper level of detergent additives and be free of metallic 
additives. The proper level of detergent additives, and absence of harmful metallic 
additives in gasoline, help avoid build-up of deposits in your engine and emission 
control system. 
For further important fuel-related information for your vehicle, or on information on 
gasoline that does not contain MMT, visit www.hondacars.com. In Canada, visit 
www.honda.ca for additional information on gasoline. For more information on top 
tier gasoline, visit www.toptiergas.com.

■ Fuel tank capacity: 19.5 US gal (73.8 L)
661



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  662 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuRefuelinguHow to Refuel

1How to Refuel

3WARNING
Gasoline is highly flammable and explosive. 
You can be burned or seriously injured 
when handling fuel.

• Stop the engine, and keep heat, sparks, 
and flame away.

• Handle fuel only outdoors.
• Wipe up spills immediately.

The fuel filler opening is designed to accept only 
service station filler nozzles for refueling. Use of 
smaller diameter tubes (e.g., those used to siphon 
fuel for other uses) or other non-service station 
devices can damage the area in and around the filler 
opening.

If the filler nozzle keeps turning off when the tank is 
not full, there may be a problem with the pump’s fuel 
vapor recovery system. Try filling at another pump. If 
this does not fix the problem, consult a dealer.

The filler nozzle automatically stops to leave space in 
the fuel tank so that fuel does not overflow as a result 
of changes in air temperature.

Do not continue to add fuel after the filler nozzle has 
automatically stopped. Additional fuel can exceed 
the full tank capacity.

662

Driving
How to Refuel
Your fuel tank is not equipped with a fuel filler cap. You can insert the filler nozzle 
directly into the filler neck. The tank seals itself again when you pull out the filler 
nozzle.

1. Stop your vehicle with the service station 
pump on the left side of the vehicle in the 
rear.

2. Turn off the engine.
3. Unlock the driver’s door using the master 

door lock switch.
Press

u The fuel fill door on the outer side of the 
vehicle will unlock.

2 Locking/Unlocking the Doors from 
the Inside P. 166

4. Press firmly and then release the area 
indicated by the arrow to release the fuel 
filler door.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  663 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuRefuelinguHow to Refuel

1How to Refuel
Use the lock tab or the master door lock switch to 
unlock the fuel fill door.
The vehicle doors and fuel fill door automatically 
relock if the remote unlock function is used. This can 
be deactivated by briefly opening then closing the 
driver’s door.

If you have to refuel your vehicle from a portable 
container, use the funnel provided with your vehicle.

2 Refueling From a Portable Fuel Container 
P. 759

Driving
5. Place the end of the filler nozzle on the 
lower part of filler opening, then insert it 
slowly and fully.
u Make sure that the end of the filler 

nozzle goes down along with the filler 
pipe.

u Keep the filler nozzle level.
u When the tank is full, the filler nozzle will 

click off automatically.
u After filling, wait about five seconds 

before removing the filler nozzle.
6. Shut the fuel fill door by hand.
663



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  664 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

664

Driving
Fuel Economy and CO2 Emissions
1Improving Fuel Economy and Reducing CO2 Emissions
Direct calculation is the recommended method to 
determine actual fuel consumed while driving.

Miles driven Gallons of Miles per 
fuel Gallon

100 Liters of Kilometers L per 100 km
fuel driven

In Canada, posted fuel economy numbers are 
established following a simulated test. For more 
information on how this test is performed, please visit 
http://oee.nrcan.gc.ca/
Improving Fuel Economy and Reducing CO2 
Emissions
Achieving fuel economy and reducing CO2 emissions is dependent on several 
factors, including driving conditions, load weight, idling time, driving habits, and 
vehicle condition. Depending on these and other factors, you may not achieve the 
rated fuel economy of this vehicle.

■Maintenance and Fuel Economy
You can optimize your fuel economy with proper maintenance of your vehicle. 
Always maintain your vehicle in accordance with the messages displayed on the 
driver information interface.
• Use engine oil with the viscosity recommended.

2 Recommended Engine Oil P. 678
• Maintain the specified tire pressure.
• Do not load the vehicle with excess cargo.
• Keep your vehicle clean. A buildup of snow or mud on your vehicle’s underside 

adds weight and increases wind resistance.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  665 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

* Not available on all m
Maintenance
This chapter discusses basic maintenance.
Before Performing Maintenance
Inspection and Maintenance ............ 666
Safety When Performing Maintenance .... 667
Parts and Fluids Used in Maintenance 
Service ........................................... 668

Maintenance MinderTM ..................... 669
Maintenance Under the Hood

Maintenance Items Under the Hood .... 675
Opening the Hood ........................... 676
Recommended Engine Oil ................ 678
Oil Check......................................... 679
Adding Engine Oil ............................ 680
odels
Changing the Engine Oil and Oil Filter..... 681
Engine Coolant ................................ 683
Transmission Fluid............................ 685
Brake Fluid....................................... 686
Refilling Window Washer Fluid......... 687

Replacing Light Bulbs ....................... 688
Checking and Maintaining Wiper Blades.... 695
Checking and Maintaining Tires

Checking Tires ................................. 699
Tire and Loading Information Label ..... 700
Tire Labeling .................................... 700
DOT Tire Quality Grading (U.S. Vehicles)...... 702
Wear Indicators................................ 704
Tire Service Life................................ 704
Tire and Wheel Replacement ........... 705
Tire Rotation.................................... 706
Winter Tires ..................................... 707

Battery............................................... 708
Remote Transmitter Care................. 710
Remote Control and Wireless 
Headphone Care* ........................... 711

Climate Control System Maintenance ....713
Cleaning

Interior Care .................................... 714
Exterior Care.................................... 717

Accessories and Modifications ........ 720
665



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  666 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

666

Maintenance
Before Performing Maintenance
1Inspection and Maintenance
U.S. models

Maintenance, replacement, or repair of 
emissions control devices and systems may be 
done by any automotive repair establishment or 
individuals using parts that are “certified” to 
EPA standards.

According to state and federal regulations, failure to 
perform maintenance on the maintenance main 
items marked with # will not void your emissions 
warranties. However, all maintenance services should 
be performed in accordance with the intervals 
indicated by the driver information interface.

2 Maintenance Service Items P. 672

If you want to perform complex maintenance tasks 
that require more skills and tools, you can purchase a 
subscription to the Service Express website at 
www.techinfo.honda.com.

2 Authorized Manuals P. 772

If you want to perform maintenance yourself, make 
sure that you have the necessary tools and skills first.
After performing maintenance, update the records in 
the separate maintenance booklet.
Inspection and Maintenance
For your safety, perform all listed inspections and maintenance to keep your vehicle 
in good condition. If you become aware of any abnormality (noise, smell, insufficient 
brake fluid, oil residue on the ground, etc.), have your vehicle inspected by a dealer. 
(Note, however, that service at a dealer is not mandatory to keep your warranties in 
effect.)

■Types of Inspection and Maintenance
■Daily inspections
Perform inspections before long distance trips, when washing the vehicle, or when 
refueling.

■ Periodic inspections
• Check the brake fluid level monthly.

2 Brake Fluid P. 686
• Check the tire pressure monthly. Examine the tread for wear and foreign objects.

2 Checking and Maintaining Tires P. 699
• Check the operation of the exterior lights monthly.

2 Replacing Light Bulbs P. 688
• Check the condition of the wiper blades at least every six months.

2 Checking and Maintaining Wiper Blades P. 695



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  667 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore Performing MaintenanceuSafety When Performing Maintenance

1Safety When Performing Maintenance

3WARNING
Improperly maintaining this vehicle or 
failing to correct a problem before driving 
can cause a crash in which you can be 
seriously hurt or killed.

Always follow the inspection and 
maintenance recommendations according 
to the schedules in this owner’s manual.

3WARNING
Failure to properly follow maintenance 
instructions and precautions can cause you 
to be seriously hurt or killed.

Always follow the procedures and 
precautions in this owner’s manual.

Maintenance
Safety When Performing Maintenance
Some of the most important safety precautions are given here. However, we cannot 
warn you of every conceivable hazard that can arise in performing maintenance. 
Only you can decide whether you should perform a given task.

■Maintenance Safety
• To reduce the possibility of fire or explosion, keep cigarettes, sparks, and flames 

away from the battery and all fuel related parts.
• Never leave rags, towels, or other flammable objects under the hood.
u Heat from the engine and exhaust can ignite them, causing a fire.

• To clean parts, use a commercially available degreaser or parts cleaner, not 
gasoline.

• Wear eye protection and protective clothing when working with the battery or 
compressed air.

• Engine exhaust contains carbon monoxide, which is poisonous and can kill you.
u Only operate the engine if there is sufficient ventilation.

■Vehicle Safety
• The vehicle must be in a stationary condition.
u Make sure your vehicle is parked on level ground, the parking brake is set, and 

the engine is off.
• Be aware that hot parts can burn you.
u Make sure to let the engine and exhaust system cool thoroughly before 

touching vehicle parts.
• Be aware that moving parts can injure you.
u Do not start the engine unless instructed, and keep your hands and limbs away 

from moving parts.
u Do not open the hood while the Auto Idle Stop function is activated.
667



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  668 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBefore Performing MaintenanceuParts and Fluids Used in Maintenance Service

1Parts and Fluids Used in Maintenance Service

NOTICE
Do not press the engine cover forcibly. This may 
damage the engine cover and component parts.

668

Maintenance
Parts and Fluids Used in Maintenance Service
The use of Honda genuine parts and fluids is recommended when maintaining and 
servicing your vehicle. Honda genuine parts are manufactured according to the 
same high quality standards used in Honda vehicles.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  669 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Maintenance MinderTM
 Maintenance
If the engine oil life is less than 15%, you will see the Maintenance Minder messages 
appear on the driver information interface every time you set the power mode to 
ON. The messages notify you when to change the engine oil, or when to bring your 
vehicle to a dealer for indicated maintenance services.
669



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  670 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance MinderTMuTo Use Maintenance MinderTM

1Displaying the Maintenance Minder Information
Based on the engine operating conditions, the 
remaining engine oil life is calculated and displayed 
as a percentage.

Displayed Engine Oil Calculated Engine Oil 
Life (%) Life (%)

100 100 to 91
90 90 to 81
80 80 to 71
70 70 to 61
60 60 to 51
50 50 to 41
40 40 to 31
30 30 to 21
20 20 to 16
15 15 to 11
10 10 to 6
5 5 to 1
0 0

There is a list of maintenance main and sub items you 
can view on the driver information interface.

2 Maintenance Service Items P. 672

670

Maintenance
To Use Maintenance MinderTM

■Displaying the Maintenance Minder Information
Maintenance items, which should be serviced at the same time that you replace the 
engine oil, appear on the driver information interface.
You can view them on the engine oil life screen at any time.
1. Set the power mode to ON.
2. Press the ENTER button repeatedly until home screen appears.
3. Select  Maintenance by pressing the 3 / 4  button repeatedly and press 

ENTER.
4. Select Oil Life by pressing the 3 /4  button and press ENTER.
5. The engine oil life appears on the screen.

Home Screen

Models with Display 
Audio 3  Button
ENTER Button 4  Button

 (Back)  (Home) 
Button Button
Models with color 
audio system 3  Button
ENTER Button 4  Button

 (Back)  (Home) 
Button Button Engine Oil Life



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  671 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance MinderTMuTo Use Maintenance MinderTMMaintenance
■Maintenance Minder Messages on the Driver Information 
Interface

Maintenance Message Oil Life Display Explanation Information

Maintenance Due Soon 15% The remaining engine oil life is 15 to 6 The engine oil is approaching the end 
percent. Once you switch the display of its service life, and the maintenance 
by pressing the *1/ *2, or items should be inspected and 

 button, this message will go off. serviced soon.

Maintenance Due Now 5% The remaining engine oil life is 5 to 1 The engine oil has almost reached the 
percent. Press the *1/ *2, end of its service life, and the 
or  button to switch to another maintenance items should be 
display. inspected and serviced as soon as 

possible.

Maintenance Past Due Negative Distance The remaining engine oil life has The engine oil life has passed.
passed its service life, and a negative The maintenance items must be 
distance appears after driving over 10 inspected and serviced immediately.
miles (U.S. models) or 10 km 
(Canadian models). Press the 

*1/ *2, or  button to 
switch to another display.

*1:Models with color audio system
*2:Models with Display Audio
The system message indicator ( ) comes on along with the Maintenance Minder message.
Continued 671



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  672 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance MinderTMuTo Use Maintenance MinderTM

1Maintenance Service Items
• Adjust the valves during services A, B, 1, 2, or 3 if 

they are noisy.

Maintenance Sub Items
te tires

lace air cleaner element*2

lace dust and pollen filter*3

ect drive belt
lace transmission fluid
lace spark plugs
lace timing belt and inspect water pump*4

ect valve clearance
lace engine coolant
lace brake fluid*5

conditions, replace the air cleaner element every 15,000 miles (24,000 km).
 in urban areas that have high concentrations of soot in the air from industry and 
 vehicles, replace the dust and pollen filter every 15,000 miles (24,000 km).
 in very high temperatures (over 110ºF, 43ºC), in very low temperatures (under -20
very 60,000 miles(100,000 km).
der message does not appear more than 36 months after the display for item 7 is 

ake fluid every 3 years.

672

Maintenance
■Maintenance Service Items

System Message 
Indicator Maintenance Minder Message

Main Item Sub Items

U.S. models

CODE Maintenance Main Items CODE
A • Replace engine oil*1 1 • Rota
B • Replace engine oil*1 and oil filter 2 • Rep

• Inspect front and rear brakes • Rep
• Inspect tie rod ends, steering gearbox, and boots • Insp
• Inspect suspension components 3 • Rep
• Inspect driveshaft boots 4 • Rep
• Inspect brake hoses and lines (Including ABS/VSA®) • Rep
• Inspect all fluid levels and condition of fluids • Insp
• Inspect exhaust system#

5 • Rep
• Inspect fuel lines and connections#

7 • Rep
*1: If the message Maintenance Due Now does not appear more than 12 months after the display 

is reset, change the engine oil every year. *2: If you drive in dusty 
# : See information on maintenance and emissions warranty in the first column on page 769. *3: If you drive primarily

from diesel-powered
*4: If you drive regularly

ºF, -29ºC), replace e
*5: If a Maintenance Min

reset, change the br



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  673 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance MinderTMuTo Use Maintenance MinderTM

1Maintenance Service Items
• Adjust the valves during services A, 0, 9, 1, 2, or 3 

if they are noisy.

Maintenance Sub Items
te tires
ace air cleaner element*2

ace dust and pollen filter*3

ect drive belt
ace transmission fluid
ace spark plugs
ace timing belt and inspect water pump*4

ect valve clearance
ace engine coolant
ace brake fluid*5

ice front and rear brakes
ect tie rod ends, steering gearbox, and boots
ect suspension components
ect driveshaft boots
ect brake hoses and lines (including ABS/VSA®)
ect all fluid levels and condition of fluids
ect exhaust system#

ect fuel lines and connections#

Maintenance
Canadian models

CODE Maintenance Main Items CODE
A • Replace engine oil*1 1 • Rota
0 • Replace engine oil*1 and oil filter 2 • Repl

• Repl
*1: If the message Maintenance Due Now does not appear more than 12 months after the display 

is reset, change the engine oil every year. • Insp
*2: If you drive in dusty conditions, replace the air cleaner element every 24,000 km (15,000 miles).
*3: If you drive primarily in urban areas that have high concentrations of soot in the air from industry and 3 • Repl

from diesel-powered vehicles, replace the dust and pollen filter every 24,000 km (15,000 miles). 4 • Repl
*4: If you drive regularly in very high temperatures (over 43ºC, 110ºF), in very low temperatures (under 

-29ºC, -20ºF), replace every 100,000 km (60,000 miles). • Repl
*5: If a Maintenance Minder message does not appear more than 36 months after the display for item 7 is • Insp

reset, change the brake fluid every 3 years.
# : See information on maintenance and emissions warranty in the first column on page 771. 5 • Repl

7 • Repl
9 • Serv

• Insp
• Insp
• Insp
• Insp
• Insp
• Insp
• Insp
Continued 673



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  674 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance MinderTMuTo Use Maintenance MinderTM

1Resetting the Display

NOTICE
Failure to reset the Maintenance MinderTM display 
after a maintenance service results in the system 
showing incorrect maintenance intervals, which can 
lead to serious mechanical problems.

The dealer will reset the Maintenance MinderTM 
display after completing the required maintenance 
service. If someone other than a dealer performs 
maintenance service, reset the Maintenance 
MinderTM display yourself.

Models with Display Audio
You can also reset the Maintenance MinderTM display 
using the audio/information screen.

2 Customized Features P. 465

674

Maintenance
■Resetting the Display
Reset the maintenance minder information display if you have performed the 
maintenance service.

3  Button
ENTER 
Button

4  Button

1. Set the power mode to ON.
2. Display the engine oil life.

2 Displaying the Maintenance Minder Information P. 670
3. Press and hold the ENTER button for about 10 seconds to enter the reset mode.
4. Press the 3 / 4  button to select a maintenance item to reset, or to select All Due 

Items (You can also select Cancel to end the process).
5. Press the ENTER button to reset the selected item.
6. Repeat from step 5 for other items you wish to reset.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  675 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Maintenance Under the Hood
Maintenance Items Under the Hood
Maintenance
Brake Fluid 
(Black Cap)

Washer Fluid Battery
(Blue Cap)

Engine Coolant 
Reserve Tank

Engine Oil Dipstick 
(Orange) Engine Oil Fill Cap

Radiator Cap
675



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  676 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduOpening the Hood

1Opening the Hood

NOTICE
Do not open the hood when the wiper arms are 
raised. The hood will strike the wipers, resulting in 
possible damage to the hood and/or the wipers.

NOTICE
Do not press the engine cover forcibly. This may 
damage the engine cover and component parts.

When closing the hood, check that the hood is 
securely latched.

If the hood latch lever moves stiffly, or if you can 
open the hood without lifting the lever, the latch 
mechanism should be cleaned and lubricated.

Do not open the hood while the Auto Idle Stop 
function is activated.

676

Maintenance
Opening the Hood
Hood Release Handle 1. Park the vehicle on a level surface, and set 

the parking brake.
2. Pull the hood release handle under the 

driver’s side lower corner of the dashboard.
u The hood will pop up slightly.

Pull

3. Pull up the hood latch lever (located under 
the front edge of the hood to the center) 
and raise the hood. Once you have raised 
the hood slightly, you can release the lever.

Lever

Support Rod 4. Remove the support rod from the clamp 
using the grip. Mount the support rod in 

Grip the hood.

When closing, remove the support rod, and 
stow it in the clamp, then gently lower the 
hood. Remove your hand at a height of 
approximately 12 inches (30 cm) and let the 

Clamp hood close.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  677 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduEngine Compartment CoverMaintenance
Engine Compartment Cover
The component parts in the engine compartment are protected by a cover.
You may need to remove the cover when you perform certain maintenance work.
Pull up on the engine compartment cover, remove it from the pins.

Engine Compartment Cover
677



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  678 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduRecommended Engine Oil

1Recommended Engine Oil
Engine Oil Additives
Your vehicle does not require oil additives. In fact, 
they may adversely affect the engine performance 
and durability.

678

Maintenance
Recommended Engine Oil
• Genuine Honda Motor Oil
• Premium-grade 0W-20 detergent oil with an API Certification Seal on the 

container.

Oil is a major contributor to your engine’s 
performance and longevity. If you drive the 
vehicle with insufficient or deteriorated oil, 
the engine may fail or be damaged.

This seal indicates the oil is energy conserving 
and that it meets the American Petroleum 
Institute’s latest requirements.

Use a Genuine Honda Motor Oil or another 
commercial engine oil of suitable viscosity for 
the ambient temperature as shown.

Ambient Temperature

■ Synthetic oil
You may also use synthetic motor oil if it is labeled with the API Certification Seal 
and is the specified viscosity grade.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  679 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduOil Check

1Oil Check
If the oil level is near or below the lower mark, slowly 
add oil, being careful not to overfill.

Maintenance
Oil Check
We recommend that you check the engine oil level every time you refuel.
Park the vehicle on level ground.
Wait approximately three minutes after turning the engine off before you check the 
oil.

1. Remove the dipstick (orange).
2. Wipe the dipstick with a clean cloth or 

paper towel.
3. Insert the dipstick back all the way into its 

hole.

4. Remove the dipstick again, and check the 
level. It should be between the upper and 
lower marks. Add oil if necessary.

Upper Mark
Lower Mark
679



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  680 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduAdding Engine Oil

1Adding Engine Oil

NOTICE
Do not fill the engine oil above the upper mark. 
Overfilling the engine oil may result in leaks and 
engine damage.

If any oil spills, wipe it away immediately. Spilled oil 
may damage the engine compartment components.

680

Maintenance
Adding Engine Oil
Engine Oil 1. Unscrew and remove the engine oil fill cap.
Fill Cap 2. Add oil slowly.

3. Reinstall the engine oil fill cap, and tighten 
it securely.

4. Wait for three minutes and recheck the 
engine oil dipstick.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  681 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduChanging the Engine Oil and Oil Filter

1Changing the Engine Oil and Oil Filter

NOTICE
You may damage the environment if you do not 
dispose of the oil in a suitable way. If you are 
changing the oil by yourself, appropriately dispose of 
the used oil. Put the oil in a sealed container and take 
it to a recycling center. Do not throw the oil away 
into a garbage can or onto the ground.

Maintenance
Changing the Engine Oil and Oil Filter
You must change the engine oil and oil filter regularly in order to maintain the 
engine’s lubrication. The engine may be damaged if they are not changed regularly.

Change the oil and filter in accordance with the maintenance message on the driver 
information interface.

1. Run the engine until it reaches normal 
Drain Bolt

operating temperature, and then turn the 
engine off.

2. Open the hood and remove the engine oil 
fill cap.

Washer 3. Remove the drain bolt and washer from 
the bottom of the engine, and drain the 
oil into a suitable container.
Continued 681



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  682 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduChanging the Engine Oil and Oil Filter

1Changing the Engine Oil and Oil Filter
You will need a special wrench to replace the oil 
filter. You can buy this wrench from a dealer.

When installing the new oil filter, follow the 
instructions supplied with the oil filter.

Reinstall the engine oil fill cap. Start the engine. The 
low oil pressure indicator should go off within five 
seconds. If it does not, turn off the engine, and check 
your work.

682

Maintenance
4. Remove the oil filter and dispose of the 
remaining oil.

5. Check that the filter gasket is not stuck to 
the engine contact surface.
u If it is stuck, you must detach it.

6. Wipe away dirt and dust adhering to the 
contact surface of the engine block, and 
install a new oil filter.

Oil Filter u Apply a light coat of new engine oil to 
the filter gasket.

7. Put a new washer on the drain bolt, then 
reinstall the drain bolt.
u Tightening torque:

29 lbf∙ft (40 N∙m, 4.0 kgf∙m)
8. Pour the recommended engine oil into the 

engine.
u Engine oil change capacity (including 

filter):
5.7 US qt (5.4 L)

9. Reinstall the engine oil fill cap securely and 
start the engine.

10. Run the engine for a few minutes, and 
then check that there is no leak from the 
drain bolt or oil filter.

11. Stop the engine, wait for three minutes, 
and then check the oil level on the 
dipstick.
u If necessary, add more engine oil.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  683 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduEngine Coolant

1Engine Coolant

3WARNING
Removing the radiator cap while the 
engine is hot can cause the coolant to spray 
out, seriously scalding you.

Always let the engine and radiator cool 
down before removing the radiator cap.

NOTICE
Genuine Honda engine coolant is a 50/50 mixture of 
antifreeze and water that can withstand freezing at 
temperatures as low as about -31°F (-35°C). If your 
vehicle is consistently subjected to temperatures 
below this, the concentration of antifreeze in the 
coolant should be increased. Consult a dealer for 
details.

If Honda antifreeze/coolant is not available, you may 
use another major brand of non-silicate coolant as a 
temporary replacement. Check that it is a high quality 
coolant recommended for aluminum engines. 
Continued use of any non-Honda coolant can result 
in corrosion, causing the cooling system to 
malfunction or fail. Have the cooling system flushed 
and refilled with Honda antifreeze/coolant as soon as 
possible.

Do not add rust inhibitors or other additives to your 
vehicle’s cooling system. They may not be compatible 
with the coolant or with the engine components.

Maintenance
Engine Coolant
Specified coolant: Honda Long Life Antifreeze/Coolant Type 2

This coolant is premixed with 50% antifreeze and 50% water. Do not add any 
straight antifreeze or water.

We recommend you check the engine coolant level every time you refuel. Check the 
reserve tank first. If it is completely empty, also check the coolant level in the 
radiator. Add the engine coolant accordingly.

■Reserve Tank
Reserve 1. Make sure the engine and radiator are 
Tank cool.

MAX 2. Check the amount of coolant in the reserve 
tank.
u If the coolant level is below the MIN 

mark, add the specified coolant until it 
reaches the MAX mark.

MIN

3. Inspect the cooling system for leaks.
Continued 683



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  684 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduEngine Coolant

1Radiator

NOTICE
Pour the fluid slowly and carefully so you do not spill 
any. Clean up any spills immediately; they can 
damage components in the engine compartment.

684

Maintenance
■Radiator
1. Make sure the engine and radiator are 

Radiator Cap
cool.

2. Remove the engine compartment cover.
2 Engine Compartment Cover P. 677

3. Turn the radiator cap 1/8 turn counter-
clockwise and relieve any pressure in the 
cooling system.

4. Push down and turn the radiator cap 
counter-clockwise to remove it.

5. The coolant level should be up to the base 
of the filler neck. Add coolant if it is low.

6. Put the radiator cap back on, and tighten it 
fully.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  685 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduTransmission Fluid

1Automatic Transmission Fluid

NOTICE
Honda ATF-Type 2 fluid must not be mixed with 
other transmission fluids.
Using a transmission fluid other than Honda ATF-
Type 2 may adversely affect the operation and 
durability of your vehicle’s transmission, and damage 
the transmission.
Any damage caused by using a transmission fluid that 
is not equivalent to Honda ATF-Type 2 is not covered 
by Honda’s new vehicle limited warranty.

Maintenance
Transmission Fluid
■Automatic Transmission Fluid
Specified fluid: Honda ATF-Type 2

Have a dealer check the fluid level and replace if necessary.

Do not attempt to check or change the automatic transmission fluid yourself.
685



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  686 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduBrake Fluid

1Brake Fluid

NOTICE
Brake fluid marked DOT 5 is not compatible with your 
vehicle’s braking system and can cause extensive 
damage.

If the specified brake fluid is not available, you should 
use only DOT 3 or DOT 4 fluid from a sealed 
container as a temporary replacement.

Using any non-Honda brake fluid can cause corrosion 
and decrease the longevity of the system. Have the 
brake system flushed and refilled with Honda Heavy 
Duty Brake Fluid DOT 3 as soon as possible.

If the brake fluid level is at or below the MIN mark, 
have a dealer inspect the vehicle for leaks or worn 
brake pads as soon as possible.

686

Maintenance
Brake Fluid
Specified fluid: Honda Heavy Duty Brake Fluid DOT 3

■Checking the Brake Fluid
The fluid level should be between the MIN 
and MAX marks on the side of the reserve 

MAX tank.

Reserve Tank MIN



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  687 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuMaintenance Under the HooduRefilling Window Washer Fluid

1Refilling Window Washer Fluid

NOTICE
Do not use engine antifreeze or a vinegar/water 
solution in the windshield washer reservoir.
Antifreeze can damage your vehicle’s paint. A 
vinegar/water solution can damage the windshield 
washer pump.
Use only commercially available windshield washer 
fluid.
Avoid prolonged use of hard water to prevent lime 
scale build up.

Maintenance
Refilling Window Washer Fluid
Check the amount of window washer fluid by looking at the reservoir.

If the level is low, fill the washer reservoir.

Canadian models
If the washer fluid is low, a message appears 
on the driver information interface.

Pour the washer fluid carefully. Do not overflow the reservoir.
687



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  688 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

688

Maintenance
Replacing Light Bulbs
1Headlights
The headlight aim is set by the factory, and does not 
need to be adjusted. However, if you regularly carry 
heavy items in the cargo area or tow a trailer, have 
the aiming readjusted at a dealer or by a qualified 
technician.
Headlights
Headlights are LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer inspect and replace the 
light assembly.

Fog Lights*

Fog lights are LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer inspect and replace the 
light assembly.

Parking/Daytime Running Lights
Parking/daytime running lights are LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer 
inspect and replace the light assembly.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  689 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuFront Turn Signal Light BulbsMaintenance
Front Turn Signal Light Bulbs
When replacing, use the following bulbs.
Front Turn Signal Light: 28/8 W (Amber)

1. Turn the steering wheel all the way to the 
opposite side from the light being replaced.
Passenger side: Turn the steering wheel 
to the left.
Driver side: Turn the steering wheel to the 
right.

2. Remove the screws, and pull the inner 
fender back.

Screws

3. Rotate the socket counter-clockwise and 
remove it.

4. Remove the old bulb and insert a new bulb.

Bulb
Socket
689



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  690 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuFront Side Marker Light Bulbs

1Front Side Marker Light Bulbs
Press down the center pin until it clicks to unlock it.

Center pin

Push the center pin back to lock the clip. Then, insert 
the clip into the hole and press on the center pin until 
it is flat.

Push until 
the pin is 
flat.

690

Maintenance
Front Side Marker Light Bulbs
When replacing, use the following bulb.
Front Side Marker Light: 3 CP

1. Turn the steering wheel all the way to the 
opposite side from the light being replaced.
Passenger side: Turn the steering wheel 

Clip to the left.
Driver side: Turn the steering wheel to the 
right.

Screw 2. Remove the holding clip and screw, and 
pull the inner fender back.

3. Rotate the socket counter-clockwise and 
remove it.

4. Remove the old bulb and insert a new bulb.

Bulb Socket

Side Turn Signal/Emergency Indicator Lights*

Door mirror side turn lights are LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer inspect 
and replace the light assembly.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  691 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuBrake, Rear Turn Signal Light Bulbs, and Rear Side Marker/Taillights

1Brake, Rear Turn Signal Light Bulbs, and Rear Side Marker/
Taillights
Rear side marker/taillights are LED type. Have an 
authorized Honda dealer inspect and replace the light 
assembly.

Maintenance
Brake, Rear Turn Signal Light Bulbs, and Rear Side 
Marker/Taillights
When replacing, use the following bulbs.
Brake Light: 21 W
Rear Turn Signal Light: 21 W
Rear Side Marker/Taillight: LED

1. Use a Phillips-head screwdriver to remove 
the bolt.

Cover
2. Pull the cover out of the rear pillar.

Bolt

Grommet 3. Use a Phillips-head screwdriver to remove 
the bolts.

4. Pull on the light assembly to rotate about 
Pin the grommet and remove from the rear 

pillar.

Bolts
Continued 691



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  692 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuBrake, Rear Turn Signal Light Bulbs, and Rear Side Marker/Taillights

692

Maintenance
Bulb 5. Turn the socket counter-clockwise and 
Pin remove it. Remove the old bulb.

6. Insert a new bulb and turn the socket 
clockwise.

7. Slide the light assembly onto the guide on 
the body.

8. Align the pin with the body grommet, then 
Socket push in until it fully seats.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  693 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuBack-Up Light Bulbs/Taillights

1Back-Up Light Bulbs/Taillights
Taillights are LED type. Have an authorized Honda 
dealer inspect and replace the light assembly.

Maintenance
Back-Up Light Bulbs/Taillights
When replacing, use the following bulbs.
Back-Up Light: 21 W
Taillight: LED

1. Remove the cover by prying on the edge of 
the cover using a flat-tip screwdriver.
u Wrap the flat-tip screwdriver with a cloth 

to prevent scratches.

Cover

2. Turn the socket counter-clockwise and 
remove it.

Bulb 3. Remove the old bulb and insert a new bulb.

Socket
693



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  694 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuReplacing Light BulbsuRear License Plate Light

694

Maintenance
Rear License Plate Light
Rear license plate light is LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer inspect and 
replace the light assembly.

High-Mount Brake Light
High-mount brake light is LED type. Have an authorized Honda dealer inspect and 
replace the light assembly.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  695 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Checking and Maintaining Wiper Blades
1Changing the Front Wiper Blade Rubber

NOTICE
Avoid dropping the wiper arm onto the windshield, it 
may damage the wiper arm and/or the windshield.

Maintenance
Checking Wiper Blades
If the wiper blade rubber has deteriorated, it will leave streaks and the hard surfaces 
of the blade may scratch the window glass.

Changing the Front Wiper Blade Rubber
1. Set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF.
2. While holding the wiper switch in the 

MIST position, set the power mode to ON, 
then to VEHICLE OFF.
u Both wiper arms are set to the 

maintenance position as shown in the 
image.

3. Lift both wiper arms.
Continued 695



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  696 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining Wiper BladesuChanging the Front Wiper Blade Rubber

696

Maintenance
4. Press up on and hold the tab, then slide 
the holder off the wiper arm.

Tab

5. Pull the end of the wiper blade in the 
Wiper direction of the arrow in the image until it 
Blade is out of the holder’s end cap.

End Cap at 
the bottom

6. Pull the wiper blade in the opposite 
direction to slide it out of the holder.

Holder



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  697 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining Wiper BladesuChanging the Rear Wiper Blade Rubber

1Changing the Rear Wiper Blade Rubber

NOTICE
Avoid dropping the wiper arm, it may damage the 
rear window.

Maintenance
7. Insert the flat side of the new wiper blade 
onto the bottom part of the holder. Insert 

Wiper the blade all the way.
Blade 8. Install the end of the wiper blade into the 

cap.
Holder 9. Slide the holder onto the wiper arm until it 

locks.
10. Lower both wiper arms.

Cap 11. Set the power mode to ON and hold the 
wiper switch in the MIST position until 
both wiper arms return to the standard 
position.

Changing the Rear Wiper Blade Rubber
1. Raise the wiper arm off.

Wiper 
Blade 2. Pivot the bottom end of the wiper blade up 

until it comes off from the wiper arm.

Wiper 
Arm
Continued 697



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  698 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining Wiper BladesuChanging the Rear Wiper Blade Rubber

698

Maintenance
3. Slide the blade out of the holder.

Blade

4. Remove the retainers from wiper blade and 
Retainer

mount it to a new rubber blade.

Rubber

5. Slide the new wiper blade onto the holder.
u Make sure it is engaged correctly, then 

install the wiper blade assembly onto the 
wiper arm.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  699 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Checking and Maintaining Tires
1Checking Tires

3WARNING
Using tires that are excessively worn or 
improperly inflated can cause a crash in 
which you can be seriously hurt or killed.

Follow all instructions in this owner’s 
manual regarding tire inflation and 
maintenance.

Measure the air pressure when tires are cold. This 
means the vehicle has been parked for at least three 
hours, or driven less than 1 mile (1.6 km). If 
necessary, add or release air until the specified 
pressure is reached.

If checked when hot, tire pressure can be as much as 
4–6 psi (30–40 kPa, 0.3–0.4 kgf/cm2) higher than if 
checked when cold.

Have a dealer check the tires if you feel a consistent 
vibration while driving. New tires and any that have 
been removed and reinstalled should be properly 
balanced.

Check the spare tire pressure once a month or before 
long trips.

Maintenance
Checking Tires
To safely operate your vehicle, your tires must be of the proper type and size, in 
good condition with adequate tread, and properly inflated.

■ Inflation guidelines
Properly inflated tires provide the best combination of handling, tread life, and 
comfort. Refer to the driver’s doorjamb label or specifications page for the specified 
pressure.

Underinflated tires wear unevenly, adversely affect handling and fuel economy, and 
are more likely to fail from overheating.

Overinflated tires make your vehicle ride harshly, are more prone to road hazards, 
and wear unevenly.

Every day before you drive, look at each of the tires. If one looks lower than the 
others, check the pressure with a tire gauge.

At least once a month or before long trips, use a gauge to measure the pressure in 
all tires, including the spare. Even tires in good condition can lose 1-2 psi (10-20 kPa, 
0.1-0.2 kgf/cm2) per month.

■ Inspection guidelines
Every time you check inflation, also examine the tires and valve stems. Look for:
• Bumps or bulges on the side or in the tread. Replace the tire if you find any cuts, 

splits, or cracks in the side of the tire. Replace it if you see fabric or cord.
• Remove any foreign objects and inspect for air leaks.
• Uneven tread wear. Have a dealer check the wheel alignment.
• Excessive tread wear.

2 Wear Indicators P. 704
• Cracks or other damage around valve stem.
699



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  700 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuTire and Loading Information Label

1Tire and Loading Information Label
The tire and loading information label attached to the 
driver’s doorjamb contains:
a The number of people your vehicle can carry.
b The total weight your vehicle can carry. Do not 

exceed this weight.
c The original tire sizes for front, rear, and spare.
d The proper cold tire pressure for front, rear, and 

spare.

1Tire Sizes
Following is an example of tire size with an 
explanation of what each component means.
P235/60 R18 102T
P: Vehicle type (P indicates passenger vehicle).
235: Tire width in millimeters.
60: Aspect ratio (the tire’s section height as a 
percentage of its width).
R: Tire construction code (R indicates radial).
18: Rim diameter in inches.
102: Load index (a numerical code associated with 
the maximum load the tire can carry).
T: Speed symbol (an alphabetical code indicating the 
maximum speed rating).

700

Maintenance
Tire and Loading Information Label
The label attached to the driver’s doorjamb provides necessary tire and loading 
information.

Label 
Example

Tire Labeling
The tires that came on your vehicle have a 

Example Tire Size
Tire number of markings. Those you should be 
Identification aware of are described as shown.
Number (TIN)

Maximum 
Tire Load

Maximum 
Tire Pressure

Tire Size

■Tire Sizes
Whenever tires are replaced, they should be replaced with tires of the same size.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  701 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuTire Labeling

1Tire Identification Number (TIN)

DOT B97R FW6X 2209
DOT: This indicates that the tire meets all 
requirements of the U.S. Department of 
Transportation.
B97R: Manufacturer’s identification mark.
FW6X: Tire type code.
22 09: Date of manufacture.

Year
Week

Maintenance
■Tire Identification Number (TIN)
The tire identification number (TIN) is a group of numbers and letters that look like 
the example in the side column. TIN is located on the sidewall of the tire.

■Glossary of Tire Terminology
Cold Tire Pressure – The tire air pressure when the vehicle has been parked for at 
least three hours or driven less than 1 mile (1.6 km).
Load Rating – Means the maximum load that a tire is rated to carry for a given 
inflation pressure.
Maximum Inflation Pressure – The maximum tire air pressure that the tire can 
hold.
Maximum Load Rating – Means the load rating for a tire at the maximum 
permissible inflation pressure for that tire.
Recommended Inflation Pressure – The cold tire inflation pressure 
recommended by the manufacturer.
Treadwear Indicators (TWI) – Means the projections within the principal grooves 
designed to give a visual indication of the degrees of wear of the tread.
701



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  702 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuDOT Tire Quality Grading (U.S. Vehicles)

1Uniform Tire Quality Grading

For example:
Treadwear 200
Traction AA
Temperature A

All passenger car tires must conform 
to Federal Safety Requirements in 
addition to these grades.

702

Maintenance
DOT Tire Quality Grading (U.S. Vehicles)
The tires on your vehicle meet all U.S. Federal Safety 
Requirements. All tires are also graded for treadwear, traction, 
and temperature performance according to Department of 
Transportation (DOT) standards. The following explains these 
gradings.

■Uniform Tire Quality Grading
Quality grades can be found where applicable on the tire sidewall 
between tread shoulder and maximum section width.

■Treadwear
The treadwear grade is a comparative rating based on the wear 
rate of the tire when tested under controlled conditions on a 
specified government test course. For example, a tire graded 150 
would wear one and one-half (1 1/2) times as well on the 
government course as a tire graded 100. The relative performance 
of tires depends upon the actual conditions of their use, however, 
and may depart significantly from the norm due to variations in 
driving habits, service practices and differences in road 
characteristics and climate.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  703 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuDOT Tire Quality Grading (U.S. Vehicles)

1Traction

Warning: The traction grade 
assigned to this tire is based on 
straight-ahead braking traction tests, 
and does not include acceleration, 
cornering, hydroplaning, or peak 
traction characteristics.

1Temperature

Warning: The temperature grade for 
this tire is established for a tire that is 
properly inflated and not 
overloaded. Excessive speed, 
underinflation, or excessive loading, 
either separately or in combination, 
can cause heat buildup and possible 
tire failure.

Maintenance
■Traction
The traction grades, from highest to lowest, are AA, A, B, and C. 
Those grades represent the tire’s ability to stop on wet pavement 
as measured under controlled conditions on specified 
government test surfaces of asphalt and concrete. A tire marked 
C may have poor traction performance.

■Temperature
The temperature grades are A (the highest), B, and C, 
representing the tire’s resistance to the generation of heat and its 
ability to dissipate heat when tested under controlled conditions 
on a specified indoor laboratory test wheel. Sustained high 
temperature can cause the material of the tire to degenerate and 
reduce tire life, and excessive temperature can lead to sudden tire 
failure. The grade C corresponds to a level of performance which 
all passenger car tires must meet under the Federal Motor Vehicle 
Safety Standard No. 109. Grades B and A represent higher levels 
of performance on the laboratory test wheel than the minimum 
required by law.
703



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  704 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuWear Indicators

704

Maintenance
Wear Indicators
The groove where the wear indicator is 

Example of a Wear located is about 1/16 inch (about 1.6 mm) 
Indicator mark shallower than elsewhere on the tire. If the 

tread has worn so that the indicator is 
exposed, replace the tire.
Worn out tires have poor traction on wet 
roads.

Tire Service Life
The life of your tires is dependent on many factors, including driving habits, road 
conditions, vehicle loading, inflation pressure, maintenance history, speed, and 
environmental conditions (even when the tires are not in use).

In addition to regular inspections and inflation pressure maintenance, it is 
recommended that you have annual inspections performed once the tires reach five 
years old. All tires, including the spare, should be removed from service after 10 
years from the date of manufacture, regardless of their condition or state of wear.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  705 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuTire and Wheel Replacement

1Tire and Wheel Replacement

3WARNING
Installing improper tires on your vehicle can 
affect handling and stability. This can cause 
a crash in which you can be seriously hurt or 
killed.

Always use the size and type of tires 
recommended in this owner’s manual.

Maintenance
Tire and Wheel Replacement
Replace your tires with radials of the same size, load range, speed rating, and 
maximum cold tire pressure rating (as shown on the tire’s sidewall). Using tires of a 
different size or construction can cause certain vehicle systems such as the ABS and 
Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®) system to work incorrectly.

It is best to replace all four tires at the same time. If that isn’t possible, replace the 
front or rear tires in pairs.

If you replace a wheel, only use TPMS specified wheels approved for your vehicle.
Make sure that the wheel’s specifications match those of the original wheels.
705



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  706 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuTire Rotation

1Tire Rotation
Tires with directional tread patterns should only be 
rotated front to back (not from one side to the other).
Directional tires should be mounted with the rotation 
indication mark facing forward, as shown below.

Front

Rotation Mark

706

Maintenance
Tire Rotation
Rotating tires according to the maintenance messages on the driver information 
interface helps to distribute wear more evenly and increase tire life.

■ Tires without rotation marks
Rotate the tires as shown here.

Front

■ Tires with rotation marks
Rotate the tires as shown here.

Front



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  707 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuChecking and Maintaining TiresuWinter Tires

1Winter Tires

3WARNING
Using the wrong chains, or not properly 
installing chains, can damage the brake 
lines and cause a crash in which you can be 
seriously injured or killed.

Follow all instructions in this owner’s 
manual regarding the selection and use of 
tire chains.

NOTICE
Traction devices that are the wrong size or improperly 
installed can damage your vehicle’s brake lines, 
suspension, body, and wheels. Stop driving if they are 
hitting any part of the vehicle.

When tire chains are mounted, follow the chain 
manufacturer’s instructions regarding vehicle 
operational limits.

If your vehicle is equipped with summer tires, be 
aware that these tires are not designed for winter 
driving conditions. For more information, contact a 
dealer.

Maintenance
Winter Tires
If driving on snowy or frozen roads, mount all season marked M+S tires, snow tires, 
or tire chains; reduce speed; and maintain sufficient distance between vehicles when 
driving.

Be particularly careful when operating the steering wheel or brakes to prevent 
skidding.

Use tire chains, snow tires, or all season tires when necessary or according to the 
law.

When mounting, refer to the following points.

For winter tires:
• Select the size and load ranges that are the same as the original tires.
• Mount the tires to all four wheels.
For tire chains:
• Install them on the front tires only.
• Because your vehicle has limited tire clearance, we strongly recommend using the 

chains listed below:
Models with 235/60R18 tires

Peerless Auto-Trac 231905
Models with 235/55R19 tires

Peerless Auto-Trac 232405
• Follow the chain manufacturer’s instruction when installing. Mount them as 

tightly as you can.
• Check that the chains do not touch the brake lines or suspension.
• Drive slowly.
707



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  708 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

708

Maintenance
Battery
1Battery

3WARNING
The battery gives off explosive hydrogen 
gas during normal operation.

A spark or flame can cause the battery to 
explode with enough force to kill or 
seriously hurt you.

When conducting any battery 
maintenance, wear protective clothing and 
a face shield, or have a skilled technician do 
it.

WARNING: Battery post, terminals, 
and related accessories contain lead 
and lead compounds.
Wash your hands after handling.
When you find corrosion, clean the battery terminals 
by applying a baking powder and water solution. 
Clean the terminals with a damp towel. Cloth/towel 
dry the battery. Coat the terminals with grease to 
help prevent future corrosion.

When replacing the battery, the replacement must be 
of the same specifications.
Consult a dealer for more information.
Checking the Battery
The condition of the battery is monitored by a 
sensor located on the negative terminal of the 
battery. If there is a problem with this sensor, 
the driver information interface will display a 
warning message. If this happens, have your 
vehicle inspected by a dealer.

Check the battery terminals for corrosion 
monthly.

Air Intake Duct To access the battery terminals:
1. Remove the engine compartment cover.

2 Engine Compartment Cover P. 677
2. Remove the clips using a Phillips-head 

screwdriver, then remove the air intake 
duct.

Clip

If your vehicle’s battery is disconnected or goes dead:
• The audio system is disabled.

2 Reactivating the audio system P. 280
• The clock resets.

2 Clock P. 154

• Canadian models only
The immobilizer system needs to be reset.

2 Immobilizer System Indicator P. 98



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  709 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuBatteryuCharging the AGM Battery

1Battery
The battery installed in this vehicle is specifically 
designed for a model with Auto Idle Stop.
Using a battery other than this specified type may 
shorten the battery life, and prevent Auto Idle Stop 
from activating. If you need to replace the battery, 
make sure to select the specified type. Ask a dealer 
for more details.

Maintenance
Charging the AGM Battery
AGM labeled batteries like those installed in your vehicle require a compatible 
charger to be properly charged. Damage to the battery can result if the battery is 
charged improperly or with the wrong equipment. For more information on how to 
charge your vehicle’s AGM battery, consult a dealer.
709



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  710 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

710

Maintenance
Remote Transmitter Care
1Replacing the Button Battery

3WARNING
CHEMICAL BURN HAZARD
The battery that powers the remote 
transmitter can cause severe internal burns 
and can even lead to death if swallowed.
Keep new and used batteries away from 
children.

If you suspect that a child has swallowed 
the battery, seek medical attention 
immediately.

NOTICE
An improperly disposed of battery can damage the 
environment. Always confirm local regulations for 
battery disposal.

Replacement batteries are commercially available or 
at a dealer.
Replacing the Button Battery
If the indicator does not come on when the button is pressed, replace the battery.

Battery type: CR2032

1. Remove the built-in key.

2. Remove the upper half of the cover by 
carefully prying on the edge with a coin.
u Wrap a coin with a cloth to prevent 

Battery scratching the remote.
u Remove carefully to avoid losing the 

buttons.
3. Make sure to replace the battery with the 

correct polarity.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  711 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Remote Control and Wireless Headphone Care*
1Replacing the Battery

NOTICE
An improperly disposed of battery can damage the 
environment. Always confirm local regulations for 
battery disposal.

Replacement batteries are commercially available or 
at a dealer.

Make sure to replace the two batteries at once.

Maintenance
Models with Blu-ray/DVD rear entertainment system

Replacing the Battery
■Remote Control
If it takes several pushes on the remote control buttons to operate the Blu-ray/DVD 
rear entertainment system, replace the batteries.

Battery type: AAA

1. Remove the cover.
2. Make sure to replace the batteries with the 

correct polarity.
* Not available on all models Continued 711



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  712 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuRemote Control and Wireless Headphone Care*uReplacing the Battery

712

Maintenance
■Wireless Headphone
If there is no sound coming from the wireless headphone, replace the batteries.

Battery type: AAA

1. Remove the screw.

Cover 2. Open the cover.
3. Make sure to replace the batteries with the 

correct polarity.

Batteries



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  713 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Climate Control System Maintenance
1Air Conditioning

NOTICE
Vented refrigerant is harmful to the environment.
To avoid refrigerant from venting, never replace the 
evaporator with one removed from a used or 
salvaged vehicle.

Refrigerant in your vehicle’s air conditioning system is 
flammable and can be ignited during servicing if 
proper procedures are not followed.

The air conditioner label is found under the hood:
2 Safety Labels P. 86
2 Specifications P. 762

Canadian models

: Caution

: Flammable Refrigerant

: Requires Registered 
Technician to Service

: Air Conditioning 
System

1Dust and Pollen Filter
If the airflow from the climate control system 
deteriorates noticeably, and the windows fog up 
easily, the filter may need to be replaced. Please 
contact a dealer for replacement.

Maintenance
Air Conditioning
To ensure proper and safe operation, the Society of Automotive Engineers (SAE 
J2845) recommends that the refrigerant system only be serviced by trained and 
certified technicians.

Never repair or replace the air conditioning evaporator (cooling coil) with one 
removed from a used or salvaged vehicle.

New replacement mobile air conditioning evaporators must be certified (and 
labeled) as meeting SAE Standard J2842.

Dust and Pollen Filter
The climate control system is equipped with a dust and pollen filter that collects 
pollen, dust, and other debris in the air. The Maintenance MinderTM messages will let 
you know when to replace the filter.

We recommend that you replace the dust and pollen filter sooner when using your 
vehicle in areas with high concentrations of dust.
713



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  714 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

714

Maintenance
Cleaning
1Interior Care
Do not spill liquids inside the vehicle. Electrical 
devices and systems may malfunction if liquids are 
splashed on them.

Do not use silicone based sprays on electrical devices 
such as audio devices and switches. Doing so may 
cause the items to malfunction or cause a fire inside 
the vehicle.
If a silicone based spray is inadvertently used on 
electrical devices, consult a dealer.

Depending on their composition, chemicals and 
liquid aromatics may cause discoloration, wrinkles, 
and cracking to resin-based parts and textiles.
Do not use alkali solvents or organic solvents such as 
benzene or gasoline.

After using chemicals, make sure to gently wipe them 
off using a dry cloth.
Do not place used cloths on top of resin based parts 
or textiles for long periods of time without washing.

1Cleaning the Window
Wires are mounted to the inside of the rear window. 
Wipe along the same direction as the wires with a 
soft cloth so as not to damage them.

Be careful not to spill fluids, such as water or glass 
cleaner, on or around the cover of both the front 
sensor camera and the rainfall/light sensor*.
Interior Care
Use a damp cloth with a mixture of mild detergent and warm water to remove dirt. 
Use a clean cloth to remove detergent residue.

■Cleaning Seat Belts
Use a soft brush with a mixture of mild soap and warm water to clean the seat belts. 
Let the belts air dry. Wipe the loops of the seat belt anchors using a clean cloth.

Loop

■Cleaning the Window
Wipe using a glass cleaner.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  715 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCleaninguInterior Care

1Floor Mats
If you use any floor mats that were not originally 
provided with your vehicle, make sure they are 
designed for your specific vehicle, fit correctly, and 
are securely anchored by the floor anchors.
Position the second row seat floor mat properly. If it 
is not properly positioned, the floor mat can interfere 
with the front seat functions.

Maintenance
■ Floor Mats
Front The front and second row floor mats hook 
(Driver side) over floor anchors, which keep them from 

sliding forward. To remove a mat for cleaning, 
Unlock turn the anchor knobs to the unlock position. 

When reinstalling the mat after cleaning, turn 
the knobs to the lock position.

Lock

Do not put additional floor mats on top of 
the anchored mats.

Second row

Unlock

Lock
Continued 715



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  716 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCleaninguInterior Care

1Maintaining Genuine Leather*

It is important to clean or wipe away dirt or dust as 
soon as possible. Spills can soak into leather resulting 
in stains. Dirt or dust can cause abrasions in the 
leather. In addition, please note that some dark 
colored clothing can rub onto the leather seats 
resulting in discoloration or stains.

716

Maintenance
■Maintaining Genuine Leather*

To properly clean leather:
1. Use a vacuum or soft dry cloth first to remove any dirt or dust.
2. Clean the leather with a soft cloth dampened with a solution comprised of 90% 

water and 10% neutral soap.
3. Wipe away any soap residue with a clean damp cloth.
4. Wipe away residual water and allow leather to air dry in the shade.
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  717 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCleaninguExterior Care

1Washing the Vehicle
Do not spray water into the air intake vents. It can 
cause a malfunction.

Air 
Intake 
Vents

Do not spray water onto the capless unit when the 
fuel fill door is open. It can cause damage to the fuel 
system or engine.

If you need to lift the wiper arms away from the 
windshield, first set the wiper arms to the 
maintenance position.

2 Changing the Front Wiper Blade Rubber 
P. 695

Maintenance
Exterior Care
Dust off the vehicle body after you drive. Regularly inspect your vehicle for scratches 
on painted surfaces. A scratch on a painted surface can result in body rust. If you 
find a scratch, promptly repair it.

■Washing the Vehicle
Wash the vehicle regularly. Wash more frequently when driving in the following 
conditions:
• If driving on roads with road salt.
• If driving in coastal areas.
• If tar, soot, bird droppings, insects, or tree sap are stuck to painted surfaces.
Continued 717



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  718 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCleaninguExterior Care

1Using an Automated Car Wash
When using an automated car wash that pulls the 
vehicle through with a conveyor, make sure the 
transmission in (N position.

2 If you want to keep the transmission in (N 
position [car wash mode] P. 564

1Applying Wax

NOTICE
Chemical solvents and strong cleaners can damage 
the paint, metal, and plastic on your vehicle. Wipe 
away spills immediately.

1Maintaining the Bumpers and Other Resin Coated Parts
Ask a dealer about the correct coating material when 
you want to repair the painted surface of the parts 
made of resin.

718

Maintenance
■Using an Automated Car Wash
• Make sure to follow the instructions indicated on the automated car wash.
• Fold in the door mirrors.
• For models equipped with automatic intermittent wipers, turn the wipers off.

■Using High Pressure Cleaners
• Keep sufficient distance between the cleaning nozzle and the vehicle body.
• Take particular care around the windows. Standing too close may cause water to 

enter the vehicle interior.
• Do not spray high pressure water directly into the engine compartment. Instead, 

use low pressure water and a mild detergent.

■Applying Wax
A good coat of automotive body wax helps protect your vehicle’s paint from the 
elements. Wax will wear off over time and expose your vehicle’s paint to the 
elements, so reapply as necessary.

■Maintaining the Bumpers and Other Resin Coated Parts
If you get gasoline, oil, engine coolant, or battery fluid on resin coated parts, they 
may be stained or the coating may peel. Promptly wipe it away using a soft cloth and 
clean water.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  719 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuCleaninguExterior CareMaintenance
■Cleaning the Window
Wipe using a glass cleaner.

■Maintaining Aluminum Wheels
Aluminum is susceptible to deterioration caused by salt and other road 
contaminants. When necessary, as early as possible use a sponge and mild detergent 
to wipe away these contaminants. Do not use a stiff brush or harsh chemicals 
(including some commercial wheel cleaners). These can damage the protective finish 
on aluminum alloy wheels, resulting in corrosion. Depending on the type of finish, 
the wheels also may lose their luster or appear burnished. To avoid water stains, 
wipe the wheels dry with a cloth while they are still wet.

■ Fogged Exterior Light Lenses
The inside lenses of exterior lights (headlights, brake lights, etc.) may fog temporarily 
if you have driven in the rain, or after the vehicle has been run through a car wash. 
Dew condensation also may build up inside the lenses when there is a significant 
enough difference between the ambient and inside lens temperatures (similar to 
vehicle windows fogging up in rainy conditions). These conditions are natural 
processes, not structural design problems in the exterior lights.
Lens design characteristics may result in moisture developing on the light lens frame 
surfaces. This also is not a malfunction.
However, if you see large amounts of water accumulation, or large water drops 
building up inside the lenses, have your vehicle inspected by a dealer.
719



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  720 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

720

Maintenance
Accessories and Modifications
1Accessories and Modifications

3WARNING
Improper accessories or modifications can 
affect your vehicle’s handling, stability, and 
performance, and cause a crash in which 
you can be seriously hurt or killed.

Follow all instructions in this owner’s 
manual regarding accessories and 
modifications.

Honda Genuine accessories are recommended to 
ensure proper operation on your vehicle.
Accessories
When installing accessories, check the following:
• Do not install accessories on the windshield. They can obstruct your view and 

delay your reaction to driving conditions.
• Do not install any accessories over areas marked SRS AIRBAG, on the sides or 

backs of the front seats, on front or side pillars, or near the side windows.
Accessories installed in these areas may interfere with proper operation of the 
vehicle’s airbags or may be propelled into you or another occupant if the airbags 
deploy.

• Be sure electronic accessories do not overload electrical circuits or interfere with 
proper operation of your vehicle.

2 Fuses P. 747
• Before installing any electronic accessory, have the installer contact a dealer for 

assistance. If possible, have a dealer inspect the final installation.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  721 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuAccessories and ModificationsuModificationsMaintenance
Modifications
Do not modify your vehicle in a manner that may affect its handling, stability, or 
reliability, or install non-genuine Honda parts or accessories that may have a similar 
effect.

Even minor modifications to vehicle systems can affect overall vehicle performance.
Always make sure all equipment is properly installed and maintained, and do not 
make any modification to your vehicle or its systems that might cause your vehicle 
to no longer meet federal, state, province, territory, and local regulations.

The on-board diagnostic port (OBD-II/SAE J1962 connector) installed on this vehicle 
is intended to be used with automobile system diagnostic devices or with other 
devices that Honda has approved. Use of any other type of device may adversely 
affect the vehicle’s electronic systems or allow them to be compromised, possibly 
resulting in a system malfunction, drained battery, or other unexpected problems.

Do not modify or attempt to repair any of the electrical components.
721



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  722 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

722



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  723 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

* Not available on all m
Handling the Unexpected
This chapter explains how to handle unexpected troubles.
Tools
Types of Tools .................................. 724

If a Tire Goes Flat
Changing a Flat Tire ......................... 725

Engine Does Not Start
Checking the Engine........................ 734
If the Remote Battery is Weak .......... 735
Emergency Engine Stop ................... 736

If the Battery Is Dead ....................... 737
Overheating

How to Handle Overheating............. 739
Indicator, Coming On/Blinking

If the Low Oil Pressure Symbol Appears... 741
odels
If the Charging System Indicator Comes 
On ................................................. 742

If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp Comes 
On or Blinks ................................... 742

If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes 
On or Blinks ................................... 743

If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or 
Blinks at the Same Time When the Brake 
System Indicator (Amber) Comes On..... 744

If the Electric Power Steering (EPS) System 
Indicator Comes On ....................... 745

If the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS Indicator 
Comes On or Blinks........................ 745
If the Transmission System Indicator Blinks 
along with the Warning Message... 746

Fuses
Fuse Locations ................................. 747
Inspecting and Changing Fuses........ 753

Emergency Towing........................... 754
If You Cannot Unlock the Fuel Fill Door ...755
If You Cannot Open the Tailgate .... 756
When You Cannot Close the Power 
Sliding Doors* ................................. 758

Refueling
Refueling From a Portable Fuel Container ....759
723



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  724 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

724

Handling the Unexpected
Tools
1Types of Tools
The tools are stored in front of the second row seat 
and in the right side panel of the cargo area.
Types of Tools

Mounting Wing 
Jack Bolt (B)

Bracket

Wheel Nut Wrench/
Jack Handle Storage Bag

Mounting Wing 
Bolt (A)

Jack Handle Bar Funnel



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  725 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
If a Tire Goes Flat
1Changing a Flat Tire
Follow compact spare precautions:
Periodically check the tire pressure of the compact 
spare. It should be set to the specified pressure. 
Specified Pressure: 60 psi (420 kPa, 4.2 kgf/cm2)

When driving with the compact spare tire, keep the 
vehicle speed under 50 mph (80 km/h). Replace with 
a full-size tire as soon as possible.

The compact spare tire and wheel in your vehicle are 
specifically for this model. Do not use them with 
another vehicle. Do not use another type of compact 
spare tire or wheel with your vehicle.

Do not mount tire chains on a compact spare tire. 
If a chain-mounted front tire goes flat, remove one of 
the full-size rear tires and replace it with the compact 
spare tire. Remove the flat front tire and replace it 
with the full-size tire that was removed from the rear. 
Mount the tire chains on the front tire.

Do not use a puncture-repairing agent on a flat tire, 
as it can damage the tire pressure sensor.

Do not use the jack if it doesn’t work properly. Call 
your dealer or a professional towing service.

Handling the Unexpected
Changing a Flat Tire
If a tire goes flat while driving, grasp the steering wheel firmly, and brake gradually 
to reduce speed. Then, stop in a safe place. Replace the flat tire with a compact 
spare tire. Go to a dealer as soon as possible to have the full-size tire repaired or 
replaced.

1. Park the vehicle on a firm, level, non-slippery surface and apply the parking brake.
2. Press the (P button.
3. Turn on the hazard warning lights and set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF.
Continued 725



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  726 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

726

Handling the Unexpected
■Getting Ready to Replace the Flat Tire
1. Remove the second row floor mat.

Handle
2 Floor Mats P. 715

2. Pull up the floor carpet.
3. Lift up the floor lid using the handle and 

remove it.

Floor Lid

Floor Carpet

Tool Case 4. Take the tool case out of the spare tire well. 
Spare Tire Take the jack and wheel nut wrench out of 

the tool case.
5. Unscrew the wing bolt, then remove the 

spare tire.

6. Place a wheel block or rock in front and rear 
of the wheel diagonal to the flat tire.

Wheel 
Blocks

The tire to be replaced.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  727 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat TireHandling the Unexpected
7. Place the compact spare tire (wheel side up) 
under the vehicle body, near the tire that 
needs to be replaced.

8. Loosen each wheel nut about one turn 
using the wheel nut wrench.
Continued 727



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  728 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

1How to Set Up the Jack

3WARNING
The vehicle can easily roll off the jack, 
seriously injuring anyone underneath.

Follow the directions for changing a tire 
exactly, and never get under the vehicle 
when it is supported only by the jack.

Do not use the jack with people or luggage in the 
vehicle.

Use the jack provided in your vehicle.
Other jacks may not support the weight (“load”) or 
may not fit the jacking point.

The following instructions must be followed to use 
the jack safely:
• Do not use while the engine is running.
• Use only where the ground is firm and level.
• Use only at the jacking points.
• Do not get in the vehicle while using the jack.
• Do not put anything on top of or underneath the 

jack.

Models with power sliding doors
Turn off the sliding door main switch before 
replacing a rear tire. If the main switch is on, the 
power sliding door may accidentally operates, 
causing an accident.

728

Handling the Unexpected
■How to Set Up the Jack
1. Place the jack under the jacking point 

closest to the tire to be changed.

2. Turn the end bracket clockwise as shown in 
the image until the top of the jack contacts 
the jacking point.
u Make sure that the jacking point tab is 

resting in the jack notch.

3. Raise the vehicle, using the jack handle bar 
and the jack handle, until the tire is off the 
ground.

Jack 
Handle Wheel Nut
Bar  Wrench as Jack Handle



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  729 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

1Replacing the Flat Tire
Do not over tighten the wheel nuts by applying extra 
torque using your foot or a pipe.

Handling the Unexpected
■Replacing the Flat Tire
1. Remove the wheel nuts and flat tire.

2. Wipe the mounting surfaces of the wheel 
with a clean cloth.

3. Mount the compact spare tire.
4. Screw the wheel nuts until they touch the 

lips around the mounting holes, then stop 
rotating.
Continued 729



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  730 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

1Storing the Flat Tire

3WARNING
Loose items can fly around the interior in a 
crash and can seriously injure the 
occupants. 
Store the wheel, jack, and tools securely 
before driving.

730

Handling the Unexpected
5. Lower the vehicle and remove the jack. 
Tighten the wheel nuts in the order 
indicated in the image. Go around, 
tightening the nuts, two to three times in 
this order.
Wheel nut torque:
94 lbf∙ft (127 N∙m, 13 kgf∙m)

■Storing the Flat Tire
Storage Bag Bracket The storage bag, bracket, mounting wing bolt 

(A) and mounting wing bolt (B) are in the tool 
case.

Mounting Wing Bolt (A)
Mounting Wing Bolt (B)

1. Put the flat tire in the storage bag provided 
with your vehicle.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  731 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat TireHandling the Unexpected
2. Pull down the U-shaped carpet piece.

Plastic Screw 3. Remove the plastic screw with a coin.

Carpet Piece

Mounting 4. Install the bracket and the mounting wing 
Wing Bolt bolt (A) on the attachment point, and 
(A) tighten the bolt.

Bracket

5. Install the flat tire on the bracket with the 
inside of the wheel facing toward you.

6. Install the mounting wing bolt (B) to the 
bracket through one of the five wheel nut 
holes, and tighten the bolt.
u Poke a hole in the storage bag as 

needed.

Mounting Wing Bolt (B)
Continued 731



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  732 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

732

Handling the Unexpected
■ Storing a flat tire on the folded third row seat
1. Turn over the flap on the left side of the 

Plastic Screw cargo area floor.
2. Pull down the U-shaped carpet piece and 

remove the plastic screw with a coin.

3. Place the flat tire face down on the 
Mounting attachment point.
Wing Bolt 4. Put the tire mounting wing bolt (B) in the 
(B) attachment point through one of the five 

wheel nut holes, and tighten the bolt.
u Poke a hole in the storage bag as 

needed.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  733 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If a Tire Goes FlatuChanging a Flat Tire

1TPMS with Tire Fill Assist and the Compact Spare Tire
The system cannot monitor the pressure of the spare 
tire. Manually check the spare tire pressure to be sure 
that it is correct.

Use the TPMS specific wheels. Each is equipped with 
a tire pressure sensor mounted inside the tire behind 
the valve stem.

Handling the Unexpected
■TPMS with Tire Fill Assist and the Compact Spare Tire
If you replace a flat tire with the spare tire, the low tire pressure/TPMS indicator 
comes on while you are driving. After driving for a few miles (kilometers), Tire 
Pressure Monitor Problem will appear on the driver information interface and the 
indicator will start blinking for a short time and then stay on; however, this is normal 
and is no cause for concern.

If you replace the tire with a full-size tire, the warning message on the driver 
information interface and the low tire pressure/TPMS indicator will go off after a few 
miles (kilometers).
733



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  734 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

734

Handling the Unexpected
Engine Does Not Start
1Checking the Engine
If you must start the vehicle immediately, use an 
assisting vehicle or booster battery to jump start it.

2 If the Battery Is Dead P. 737

cklist
ion interface.
tton message appears

.
ange P. 198

ess.
 at all

 P. 747

e again. 2 Starting the Engine P. 552

g, the engine cannot be started.

 Gauge P. 127

 dealer.
Checking the Engine
If the engine does not start, check the starter.

Starter condition Che
Starter doesn’t turn or turns Check for a message on the driver informat
over slowly. • If the To Start, Hold Remote Near Start Bu
The battery may be dead. Check 2 If the Remote Battery is Weak P. 735
each of the items on the right and uMake sure the remote is in its operating range
respond accordingly. 2 ENGINE START/STOP Button Operating R

Check the brightness of the interior lights.
Turn on the interior lights and check the brightn
• If the interior lights are dim or do not come on

2 Battery P. 708
• If the interior lights come on normally 2 Fuses

The starter turns over normally Review the engine start procedure.
but the engine doesn’t start. Follow its instructions, and try to start the engin
There may be a problem with the Check the immobilizer system indicator.
fuse. Check each of the items on When the immobilizer system indicator is blinkin
the right and respond accordingly. 2 Immobilizer System P. 191

Check the fuel level.
There should be enough fuel in the tank. 2 Fuel
Check the fuses.
Check all fuses, or have the vehicle checked by a

2 Inspecting and Changing Fuses P. 753
If the problem continues:

2 Emergency Towing P. 754



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  735 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuEngine Does Not StartuIf the Remote Battery is WeakHandling the Unexpected
If the Remote Battery is Weak
If the beeper sounds, the To Start, Hold Remote Near Start Button message 
appears on the driver information interface, the ENGINE START/STOP button 
flashes, and the engine won’t start, start the engine as follows:

1. Touch the center of the ENGINE START/
STOP button with the H logo on the 
remote while the ENGINE START/STOP 
button is flashing. The buttons on the 
remote should be facing you.
u The ENGINE START/STOP button 

flashes for about 30 seconds.

2. Depress the brake pedal and press the 
ENGINE START/STOP button within 10 
seconds after the beeper sounds and the 
ENGINE START/STOP button changes 
from flashing to on.
u If you don’t depress the pedal, the mode 

will change to ACCESSORY.
735



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  736 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuEngine Does Not StartuEmergency Engine Stop

1Emergency Engine Stop
Do not press the ENGINE START/STOP button while 
driving unless it is absolutely necessary for the engine 
to be turned off.
If you press the ENGINE START/STOP button while 
driving, the beeper sounds.

736

Handling the Unexpected
Emergency Engine Stop
The ENGINE START/STOP button may be used to stop the engine due to an 
emergency situation even while driving. If you must stop the engine, do either of the 
following operations:
• Press and hold the ENGINE START/STOP button for about two seconds.
• Firmly press the ENGINE START/STOP button three times.

The steering wheel will not lock. However, because turning off the engine disables 
the power assist the engine provides to the steering and braking systems, it will 
require significantly more physical effort and time to steer and slow the vehicle. Use 
both feet on the brake pedal to slow down the vehicle and stop immediately in a 
safe place.

The gear position automatically changes to (P after the vehicle comes to a complete 
stop.
U.S. models

Then, the power mode changes to VEHICLE OFF.
Canadian models

Then press the ENGINE START/STOP button twice without depressing the brake 
pedal to change the mode to VEHICLE OFF.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  737 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
If the Battery Is Dead
1If the Battery Is Dead

3WARNING
A battery can explode if you do not follow 
the correct procedure, seriously injuring 
anyone nearby.

Keep all sparks, open flames, and smoking 
materials away from the battery.

Securely attach the jumper cables clips so that they 
do not come off when the engine vibrates. Also be 
careful not to tangle the jumper cables or allow the 
cable ends to touch each other while attaching or 
detaching the jumper cables.

Battery performance degrades in cold conditions and 
may prevent the engine from starting.

Handling the Unexpected
■ Jump Starting Procedure
Turn off the power to electric devices, such as audio and lights. Turn off the engine, 
then open the hood.

1. Connect the first jumper cable to your 
vehicle’s battery + terminal.

2. Connect the other end of the first jumper 
cable to the booster battery + terminal.
u Use a 12-volt booster battery only.
u When using an automotive battery 

charger to boost your 12-volt battery, 
select a lower charging voltage than 15-
volt. Check the charger manual for the 

Booster Battery
proper setting.

3. Connect the second jumper cable to the 
booster battery - terminal.

4. Connect the other end of the second 
jumper cable to the engine mounting bolt 
as shown. Do not connect this jumper cable 
to any other part.

5. If your vehicle is connected to another 
vehicle, start the assisting vehicle’s engine 
and increase its rpm slightly.

6. Attempt to start your vehicle’s engine. If it 
turns over slowly, check that the jumper 
cables have good metal-to-metal contact.
Continued 737



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  738 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If the Battery Is Deadu

738

Handling the Unexpected
■What to Do After the Engine Starts
Once your vehicle’s engine has started, remove the jumper cables in the following 
order.

1. Disconnect the jumper cable from your vehicle’s engine mounting bolt.
2. Disconnect the other end of the jumper cable from the booster battery - 

terminal.
3. Disconnect the jumper cable from your vehicle’s battery + terminal.
4. Disconnect the other end of the jumper cable from the booster battery + 

terminal.

Have your vehicle inspected by a nearby service station or a dealer.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  739 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Overheating
1How to Handle Overheating

3WARNING
Steam and spray from an overheated 
engine can seriously scald you.

Do not open the hood if steam is coming 
out.

NOTICE
Continuing to drive with the temperature gauge 
pointer at the H  mark may damage the engine.

Continuing to drive with the Stop Driving When 
Safe. Engine Temperature Too Hot message on 
the driver information interface may damage the 
engine.

Handling the Unexpected
How to Handle Overheating
Overheating symptoms are as follows:
• The temperature gauge pointer is at the H  mark or the engine suddenly loses 

power.
• The Stop Driving When Safe. Engine Temperature Too Hot message appears 

on the driver information interface.
• Steam or spray comes out of the engine compartment.

■ First thing to do
1. Immediately park the vehicle in a safe place.
2. Turn off all accessories and turn on the hazard warning lights.
u No steam or spray present: Keep the engine running and open the hood.
u Steam or spray is present: Turn off the engine and wait until it subsides. 

Then open the hood.
Continued 739



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  740 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuOverheatinguHow to Handle Overheating

1How to Handle Overheating

3WARNING
Removing the radiator cap while the 
engine is hot can cause the coolant to spray 
out, seriously scalding you.

Always let the engine and radiator cool 
down before removing the radiator cap.

If the coolant is leaking, contact a dealer for repairs.

Use water as an emergency/temporary measure only. 
Have a dealer flush the system with proper antifreeze 
as soon as possible.

740

Handling the Unexpected
■Next thing to do
Reserve 1. Check that the cooling fan is operating and 
Tank stop the engine once the temperature 

gauge pointer comes down.
u If the cooling fan is not operating, 

immediately stop the engine.
2. Once the engine has cooled down, inspect 

MAX the coolant level and check the cooling 
MIN system components for leaks.

u If the coolant level in the reserve tank is 
low, add coolant until it reaches the 
MAX mark.

u If there is no coolant in the reserve tank, 
check that the radiator is cool. Cover the 
radiator cap with a heavy cloth and open 
the cap. If necessary, add coolant up to 
the base of the filler neck and put the 
cap back on.

2 Radiator P. 684

■ Last thing to do
Once the engine has cooled sufficiently, restart it and check the temperature gauge. 
If the temperature gauge pointer has gone down, resume driving. If it has not gone 
down, contact a dealer for repairs.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  741 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Indicator, Coming On/Blinking
1If the Low Oil Pressure Symbol Appears

NOTICE
Running the engine with low oil pressure can cause 
serious mechanical damage almost immediately.

Handling the Unexpected
If the Low Oil Pressure Symbol Appears
■Reasons for the symbol to appear
Appears when the engine oil pressure is low.
■What to do as soon as the symbol 

appears
1. Immediately park the vehicle on level 

ground in a safe place.
2. If necessary, turn the hazard warning lights 

on.
■What to do after parking the vehicle
1. Stop the engine and let it sit for 

approximately three minutes.
2. Open the hood and check the oil level.
u Add oil as necessary.

2 Oil Check P. 679
3. Start the engine and check the low oil 

pressure symbol.
u The symbol disappears: Start driving 

again.
u The symbol does not disappear within 10 

seconds: Immediately stop the engine 
and contact a dealer for repairs.
741



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  742 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicator, Coming On/Blinkingu If the Charging System Indicator Comes On

1If the Charging System Indicator Comes On
If you need to stop temporarily, do not turn off the 
engine. Restarting the engine may rapidly discharge 
the battery.

1If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp Comes On or Blinks

NOTICE
If you drive with the malfunction indicator lamp on, 
the emissions control system and the engine could be 
damaged.

If the malfunction indicator lamp blinks again when 
restarting the engine, drive to the nearest dealer at 
31 mph (50 km/h) or less. Have your vehicle 
inspected.

742

Handling the Unexpected
If the Charging System Indicator Comes On
■Reasons for the indicator to come on
Comes on when the battery is not being charged.
■What to do when the indicator comes on
Turn off the climate control system, rear defogger, and other electrical 
systems, and immediately contact a dealer for repairs.

If the Malfunction Indicator Lamp Comes On or 
Blinks

■Reasons for the indicator lamp to come on or blink
• Comes on when there is a problem with the engine emissions control 

system.
• Blinks when engine misfiring is detected.
■What to do when the indicator lamp comes on
Avoid high speeds and immediately get your vehicle inspected at a 
dealer.
■What to do when the indicator lamp blinks
Park the vehicle in a safe place with no flammable items and wait at least 
10 minutes or more with the engine stopped until it cools.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  743 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicator, Coming On/Blinkingu If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or Blinks

1If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or Blinks
Have your vehicle repaired immediately.
It is dangerous to drive with low brake fluid. If there 
is no resistance from the brake pedal, stop 
immediately in a safe place. If necessary downshift 
the gears.

If the brake system indicator (red) and ABS indicator 
come on simultaneously, the electronic brake 
distribution system is not working. This can result in 
vehicle instability under sudden braking.
Have your vehicle inspected by a dealer immediately.

If the brake system indicator (red) blinks at the same 
time when the brake system indicator (amber) comes 
on, the parking brake may not work.
Avoid using the parking brake and have your vehicle 
checked by a dealer immediately.

2 If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes 
On or Blinks at the Same Time When the 
Brake System Indicator (Amber) Comes On 
P. 744

Handling the Unexpected
If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or 
Blinks

U.S. ■Reasons for the indicator to come on
• The brake fluid is low.
• There is a malfunction in the brake system.

Canada ■What to do when the indicator comes on while driving
Depress the brake pedal lightly to check pedal pressure.
• If normal, check the brake fluid level the next time you stop.
• If abnormal, take immediate action. If necessary, downshift the 

(Red) transmission to slow the vehicle using engine braking.
■Reasons for the indicator to blink
• There is a problem with the electric parking brake system.
■What to do when the indicator blinks
• Avoid using the parking brake and have your vehicle checked by a 

dealer immediately.
743



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  744 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicator, Coming On/BlinkinguIf the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or Blinks at the Same Time When the Brake System Indicator (Amber) Comes On

1 If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or Blinks at the Same 
Time When the Brake System Indicator (Amber) Comes On
If you apply the parking brake, you may not be able 
to release it.

If the brake system indicator (red) and the brake 
system indicator (amber) come on at the same time, 
the parking brake is working.

If the brake system indicator (red) blinks at the same 
time when the brake system indicator (amber) comes 
on, the parking brake may not work because it is 
checking the system.

If you repeatedly operate the electric parking brake in 
a short period of time, the brake stops operating to 
prevent heating of the system and the indicator 
blinks.
It returns to its original state in approximately one 
minute.

744

Handling the Unexpected
If the Brake System Indicator (Red) Comes On or 
Blinks at the Same Time When the Brake System 
Indicator (Amber) Comes On

U.S. ■ If the brake system indicator (red) comes on or blinks at the 
same time when the brake system indicator (amber) comes on, 
release the parking brake manually or automatically

Canada 2 Parking Brake P. 640

•If the brake system indicator (red) continuously comes on or blinks at 
the same time when the brake system indicator (amber) comes on, 

(Red)
stop the vehicle in a safe place and have it inspected by a dealer 
immediately.

U.S. u Preventing the vehicle from moving, put the transmission into (P .

•If only the brake system indicator (red) is turned off, avoid using the 
Canada parking brake and have your vehicle checked by a dealer immediately.

(Amber)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  745 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicator, Coming On/Blinkingu If the Electric Power Steering (EPS) System Indicator Comes On

1If the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS Indicator Comes On or Blinks

NOTICE
Driving on an extremely underinflated tire can cause 
it to overheat. An overheated tire can fail. Always 
inflate your tires to the prescribed level.

TPMS with Tire Fill Assist provides visual and audible 
assistance during tire pressure adjustment. With the 
power mode in ON, while you adjust tire pressure up 
or down, the system alerts you as follows:
Below recommended pressure: The beeper 
sounds and exterior lights flash once every five 
seconds.
At recommended pressure: The beeper sounds 
and exterior lights flash rapidly for three seconds with 
five seconds intervals.
Above recommended pressure: The beeper 
sounds and lights flash twice every two seconds.

Handling the Unexpected
If the Electric Power Steering (EPS) System Indicator 
Comes On

■Reasons for the indicator to come on
• Comes on when there is a problem with the EPS system.
• If you depress the accelerator pedal repeatedly to increase the engine 

speed while the engine is idling, the indicator comes on, and 
sometimes the steering wheel becomes harder to operate.

■What to do when the indicator comes on
Stop the vehicle in a safe place and restart the engine.
If the indicator comes on and stays on, immediately have your vehicle 
inspected by a dealer.

If the Low Tire Pressure/TPMS Indicator Comes On or 
Blinks

■Reasons for the indicator to come on or blink
A tire pressure is significantly low. If there is a problem with the TPMS 
with Tire Fill Assist or the compact spare tire is installed, the indicator 
blinks for about one minute, and then stays on.
■What to do when the indicator comes on
Drive carefully and avoid abrupt cornering and hard braking.
Stop your vehicle in a safe place. Check the tire pressure and adjust the 
pressure to the specified level. The specified tire pressure is on a label on 
the driver side doorjamb.
■What to do when the indicator blinks, then remains on
Have the tire inspected by a dealer as soon as possible. If the compact 
spare tire causes the indicator to blink, change the tire to a full-size tire. 
The indicator goes off after driving for a few miles (kilometers).
745



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  746 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu Indicator, Coming On/Blinkingu If the Transmission System Indicator Blinks along with the Warning Message

1If the Transmission System Indicator Blinks along with the 
Warning Message
You may not be able to turn on the engine.

Make sure to set the parking brake when parking 
your vehicle.

Call a professional towing service if you need to tow 
your vehicle.

2 Emergency Towing P. 754

746

Handling the Unexpected
If the Transmission System Indicator Blinks along 
with the Warning Message

■Reasons for the indicator to blink
The transmission is malfunctioning.
■What to do when the indicator blinks
• Immediately have your vehicle inspected by 

a dealer.
• Change the gear position to (N  after 

starting the engine.
u Check if the (N  position in the 

instrument panel and the indicator on 
the (N  button light/blink.

2 Starting the Engine P. 552



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  747 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Fuses
Fuse Locations
If any electrical devices are not working, set ■Circuit protected and fuse rating
Handling the Unexpected
the power mode to VEHICLE OFF and check 
to see if any applicable fuse is blown.

■Engine Compartment Fuse 
Box

■ Fuse box A
Located at the rear end of the engine 
compartment on the right side. Push the 
tabs to open the box.

Fuse locations are shown on the fuse box 
cover. Locate the fuse in question by the 
fuse number and box cover number.
* Not available on all models
Circuit Protected Amps
1 − −
2 − −
3 − −
4 IG1 VB SOL 10 A
5 VSA/ABS 5 A
6 Wiper 30 A
7 IG1 DBW 15 A
8 TCU 15 A
9 IGP1 15 A

10 Sub Fan Motor 30 A
Rear Driver’s Side Power 

11 30 A
Window

12 Ignition Coil/Injector 30 A
13 TCU 2 10 A
14 TCU 3 10 A
15 PDM LT2 30 A
16 ST CUT 30 A
17 Shutter Grill (10 A)
18 Back Up 10 A
19 Stop* (10 A)
20 PDM LT1 30 A

Rear Passenger’s Side 
21 30 A

Power Window
22 ACM 30 A
23 Hazard 15 A
24 Washer 15 A
Circuit Protected Amps
25 Main Fan Motor 30 A
26 STRLD 5 A
27 IGPS 5 A
28 Stop (10 A)
29 Right Headlight Low Beam 10 A
30 Left Headlight Low Beam 10 A
31 Injector 20 A
32 Ignition Coil 15 A
33 FET Module 5 A
Continued 747



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  748 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesuFuse Locations

748

Handling the Unexpected
■ Fuse box B

a

b c d e f
1. Remove the engine compartment cover 
and the air intake duct.

2 Engine Compartment Cover P. 677
2 Checking the Battery P. 708

2. Remove the cover on the + terminal (as 
shown).
Replacement of engine compartment 
fuses should be done by a dealer.
■Circuit protected and fuse rating

Circuit Protected Amps
a Battery Main 150 A
b FET 70 A
c R/B Main 1 70 A
d R/B Main 2 70 A
e EPS 70 A
f VAC 60 A



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  749 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesuFuse LocationsHandling the Unexpected
■Driver’s Side Interior Fuse Box
Located under the dashboard.

■ Fuse box A

Fuse Label
Fuse locations are shown on the label on 
the side panel.
Locate the fuse in question by the fuse 
number and label number.
* Not available on all models
■Circuit protected and fuse rating

Circuit Protected Amps
1 Meter 10 A
2 Starter Motor (10 A)
3 Option 10 A
4 − −
5 − −
6 Moonroof* (20 A)
7 − −
8 Rear Fuse Box 10 A
9 IG1 Front 15 A

10 Rear Passenger’s Door Lock 10 A
11 Driver’s Door Lock 10 A

Front Passenger’s Door 
12 10 A

Lock
Front Passenger’s Door 

13 10 A
Unlock

14 Driver’s Door Unlock (10 A)
15 Rear Wiper 10 A
16 SMART 10 A

Driver’s Power Seat 
17 20 A

Reclining
18 Heated Steering Wheel* (10 A)

Front Passenger’s Power 
19 20 A

Seat Reclining
20 SRS 10 A
21 Fuel Pump 20 A
Circuit Protected Amps
Front Accessory Power 

22 20 A
Socket

23 Left Headlight High Beam 10 A
24 Right Headlight High Beam 10 A
25 Driver’s Power Window 20 A

Rear Passenger’s Door 
26 10 A

Unlock
27 ACC 10 A
28 SRS2 10 A

Driver’s Power Seat Lumbar 
29

Support* (10 A)

Front Passenger’s Power 
30 20 A

Seat Sliding
31 Driver’s Power Seat Sliding 20 A
32 Tailgate Lock* (10 A)
33 − −
34 ACG 15 A
35 DRL 10 A
36 A/C 10 A

20 A*1
37 Radio

15 A*2

38 Door Lock Main 20 A
Front Passenger’s Power 

39 20 A
Window

*1:Models with color audio system
*2:Models without color audio system
Continued 749



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  750 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesuFuse Locations

750

Handling the Unexpected
■ Fuse box B

Fuse Label
* Not available on all models
■Circuit protected and fuse rating

Circuit Protected Amps
DC/DC2 (30 A)
DC/DC1 (30 A)

EBB 40 A
Fuse Box Main1 50 A

1
Fuse Box Main2 50 A

Rear Fuse Box Main1 50 A
Rear Fuse Box Main2 50 A

Vacuum* (60 A)
2 IG Main1 30 A
3 AC Outlet* (30 A)
4 IG Main2 30 A
5 − −
6 Rear Blower 30 A
7 Audio Amp2* (20 A)
8 Audio Amp1* (20 A)
9 Rear Defogger 40 A

10 − −
11 Heated Windshield* (15 A)
12 BMS 5 A
13 Audio Amp3* (30 A)

Front Passenger’s Power 
14

Seat Lumbar Support* (10 A)

15 − −
16 VSA Motor 40 A
17 Front Blower 40 A
Circuit Protected Amps
18 − −
19 Horn 10 A
20 − −

3rd Row Accessory Power 
21

Socket* (20 A)

22 Shift By Wire 10 A
23 VBUM 10 A
24 VSA 40 A



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  751 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesuFuse LocationsHandling the Unexpected
■ Fuse box C

Fuse Label
■Circuit protected and fuse rating

Circuit Protected Amps
a Meter (10 A)
b VSA (10 A)
c ACG (10 A)
d Body Control Module (10 A)

RADIO*1 20 A
e

−*2 −
f Back Up (10 A)
g ACC (10 A)

*1:Models with color audio system
*2:Models without color audio system
Continued 751



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  752 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesuFuse Locations

752

Handling the Unexpected
■Rear Side Interior Fuse Box
Located on the left side of cargo area. Take 
off the cover to open.

Fuse locations are shown on the fuse box 
cover.
Locate the fuse in question by the fuse 
number and box cover number.
* Not available on all models
■Circuit protected and fuse rating

Circuit Protected Amps
Rear Driver’s Side Door 

1 10 A
Lock

Passenger’s Side Power 
2

Sliding Door Closer* (20 A)

Power Tailgate Closer 
3

Motor* (20 A)

Cargo Area’s Accessory 
4 20 A

Power Socket
5 Fuel Fill Door 10 A
6 USB* (5 A)

Driver’s Side Power Sliding 
7

Door Closer* (20 A)

8 − −
9 − −
10 − −
11 − −
12 − −
13 − −

Passenger’s Side Power 
14

Sliding Door Motor* (30 A)

15 − −
16 Power Tailgate Motor* (40 A)
17 − −
18 − −

Driver’s Side Power Sliding 
19

Door Motor* (30 A)



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  753 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuFusesu Inspecting and Changing Fuses

1Inspecting and Changing Fuses

NOTICE
Replacing a fuse with one that has a higher rating 
greatly increases the chances of damaging the 
electrical system.

Replace fuses with a spare fuse of the same specified 
amperage.
Use the charts to locate the fuse in question and 
confirm the specified amperage on the fuse label.

2 Fuse Locations P. 747

There is a fuse puller on the back of the engine 
compartment fuse box cover.

Handling the Unexpected
Inspecting and Changing Fuses
1. Set the power mode to VEHICLE OFF. Turn 

headlights and all accessories off.
2. Check the fuses on the battery in the 

engine compartment.
u If the fuse is blown, have it replaced by a 

Blown dealer.
3. Remove the fuse box cover.

Fuse Box on the Battery
4. Inspect the small fuses in the engine 

Fuse Puller compartment and the vehicle interior.
u If there is a blown fuse, remove it with 

the fuse puller and replace it with a new 
one.

Combined Fuse 5. Check the large fuse in the vehicle interior.
u If the fuse is blown, use a Phillips-head 

screwdriver to remove the screw and 
replace it with a new one.

Blown Fuse
753



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  754 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

754

Handling the Unexpected
Emergency Towing
1Emergency Towing

NOTICE
Trying to lift or tow your vehicle by the bumpers will 
cause serious damage. The bumpers are not designed 
to support the vehicle’s weight.

NOTICE
Improper towing such as towing behind a 
motorhome or other motor vehicle can damage the 
transmission.

Never tow your vehicle with just a rope or chain.
It is very dangerous since ropes or chains may shift 
from side to side or break.
Call a professional towing service if you need to tow your vehicle.

■ Flat bed equipment
The operator loads your vehicle on the back of a truck.
This is the only way you can safely transport your vehicle.
Any other towing method will damage the vehicle’s drive system.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  755 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
If You Cannot Unlock the Fuel Fill Door
1What to Do If Unable to Unlock the Fuel Fill Door
After taking these steps, contact a dealer to have the 
vehicle checked.

Handling the Unexpected
■What to Do If Unable to Unlock the Fuel Fill Door
If you cannot unlock the fuel fill door, use the following procedure.

Release Cord 1. Open the tailgate and remove the cover on 
the left side of cargo area.

2. Pull the yellow release cord (as shown).
u The release cord opens the fuel fill door 

when it is pulled.

Cover
755



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  756 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

756

Handling the Unexpected
If You Cannot Open the Tailgate
1What to Do If Unable to Open the Tailgate
Following up:
After taking these steps, contact a dealer to have the 
vehicle checked.

When you open the tailgate from inside, make sure 
there is enough space around the tailgate, and it 
does not hit anyone or any object.
■What to Do If Unable to Open the Tailgate
If you cannot open the tailgate or power tailgate, use the following procedure.

1. Use a flat-tip screwdriver and remove the 
Cover

cover on the back of the tailgate.
u Wrap the flat-tip screwdriver with a cloth 

to prevent scratches.

Models with power tailgate
2. To open the tailgate, push the tailgate 

while pushing the lever to the right.

Lever



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  757 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uu If You Cannot Open the TailgateuHandling the Unexpected
Models without power tailgate
2. To open the tailgate, push the tailgate 

while pushing the lever to the right with the 
flat-tip screwdriver.

Lever
757



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  758 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

758

Handling the Unexpected
When You Cannot Close the Power Sliding Doors*
1When You Cannot Close the Power Sliding Doors*

After taking these steps, contact a dealer to have 
your vehicle checked.
■What to Do When Unable to Close the Power Sliding Doors
If either power sliding door does not latch when closed, use the following 
procedure.

1. Set the sliding door main switch in the OFF 
Cover position.

2 Switching between manual and 
automatic operations P. 185

2. Push front edge of the cover on hand 
pocket of the power sliding door to pop it 
out, and remove it as shown in the image.

3. Pull the rear latch reset cable (yellow) 
towards the front of the vehicle until it 
bottoms out (about 9/16 inch [15 mm]).

4. Manually close the door and confirm 
latches engage.

Rear Latch 
Reset Cable
* Not available on all models



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  759 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Refueling
1Refueling From a Portable Fuel Container

3WARNING
Fuel is highly flammable and explosive.
You can be burned or seriously injured 
when handling fuel.

• Stop the engine, and keep heat, sparks, 
and flame away.

• Handle fuel only outdoors.
• Wipe up spills immediately.

Handling the Unexpected
Refueling From a Portable Fuel Container
If you have run out of fuel and need to refuel your vehicle from a portable fuel 
container, use the funnel provided with your vehicle.

1. Turn off the engine.
2. Press on the edge of the fuel fill door to 

make it pop up slightly.
u The fuel fill door opens.

3. Remove the cover on the right side panel of 
the cargo area.

Cover

Funnel 4. Pick up the funnel from the cover (as 
shown).

2 Types of Tools P. 724

5. Place the end of the funnel on the lower 
part of filler opening, then insert it slowly 
and fully.
u Make sure that the end of the funnel 

goes down along with the filler pipe.
Continued 759



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  760 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuRefuelinguRefueling From a Portable Fuel Container

1Refueling From a Portable Fuel Container

NOTICE
Do not insert the nozzle of a portable fuel container 
or any funnel other than the one provided with your 
vehicle. Doing so can damage the fuel system.
Do not try to pry open or push open the sealed fuel 
tank with foreign objects. This can damage the fuel 
system and its seal.

Make sure the fuel in the portable fuel container is 
gasoline before you refuel.

760

Handling the Unexpected
6. Fill the tank with fuel from the portable fuel 
container.
u Pour fuel carefully so you do not spill any.

7. Remove the funnel from the filler neck.
u Wipe up any fuel from the funnel before 

storing it.
8. Shut the fuel fill door by hand.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  761 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Information
This chapter includes your vehicle’s specifications, locations of identification numbers, and other

information required by regulation.
Specifications.................................... 762
Identification Numbers

Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), 
Engine Number, and Transmission 
Number ......................................... 764

Devices that Emit Radio Waves ....... 765
Reporting Safety Defects................. 766
Emissions Testing

Testing of Readiness Codes.............. 767
Warranty Coverages ........................ 769
Authorized Manuals......................... 772
Customer Service Information......... 773
761



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  762 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

762

Information
Specifications
■Vehicle Specifications
Model Odyssey
No. of Passengers:
Front 2
Rear 2nd Row 3 (2*1)

3rd Row 3
Total 8 (7*1)
Weights:
Gross Vehicle Weight See the certification label on the driver’s 
Rating doorjamb
Gross Axle Weight 
Rating (Front) See the certification label on the driver’s 

doorjamb
Gross Axle Weight 
Rating (Rear) See the certification label on the driver’s 

doorjamb
Gross Combined Weight 
Rating U.S.: 8,565 lbs (3,885 kg)

Canada: 3,885 kg
*1: Models without second row center seat

■Air Conditioning
Refrigerant Type HFO-1234yf (R-1234yf)
Charge Quantity 20.3 - 22.0 oz (575 - 625 g)
Lubricant Type ND-OIL14 (POE)
Quantity 7.3 - 8.2 cu-in (120 - 135 cm3)
* Not available on all models
■Engine Specifications
Displacement 212 cu-in (3,471 cm3)
Spark Plugs NGK DILZKR7B11G

■ Fuel
Fuel: Unleaded gasoline, Pump octane number 
Type of 87 or higher
Fuel Tank Capacity 19.5 US gal (73.8 L)

■Washer Fluid
U.S.: 2.6 US qt (2.5 L)

Tank Capacity
Canada: 4.8 US qt (4.5 L)
■ Light Bulbs
Headlights (Low Beam) LED
Headlights (High Beam) LED
Fog Lights* LED
Front Turn Signal Lights 28/8W (Amber)
Front Side Marker Lights 3CP
Parking/Daytime Running Lights LED
Side Turn Signal Lights* 

LED
(on Door Mirrors)
Brake Lights 21W
Rear Side Marker/Taillights LED
Rear Turn Signal Lights 21W
Back-Up Lights 21W
Taillights LED
High-Mount Brake Light LED
Rear License Plate Light LED
Interior Lights

Front Map Lights 5W
Rear Map Lights 5W
Cargo Area Light 8W
Vanity Mirror Lights 1.4W
Door Courtesy Lights 3.8W (2CP)
Glove Box Light 1.4W
Foot Lights* LED
Console Compartment 
Light* 1.4W

Door Inner Handle 
Lights* LED

Door Tray Ambient 
Lights* LED

Instrument Panel 
Ambient Lights* LED

Pass Through Light* LED



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  763 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuSpecificationsuInformation
■Brake Fluid
Specified Honda Heavy Duty Brake Fluid DOT 3

■Automatic Transmission Fluid
Specified Honda ATF-Type 2
■Engine Oil
·Genuine Honda Motor Oil 0W-20

Recommended
·API Premium-grade 0W-20 detergent oil
Change 5.4 US qt (5.1 L)

Capacity Change 
including 5.7 US qt (5.4 L)
filter

■Engine Coolant
Specified Honda Long-Life Antifreeze/Coolant Type2
Ratio 50/50 with distilled water

1.69 US gal (6.38 L) 
Capacity (change including the remaining 0.19 US gal 

(0.73 L) in the reserve tank)
■Tire
23 /60R18 103H

Size*1 5
235/55R19 101H

Regular
Pressure 35 (240 [2.4])*2

psi (kPa [kgf/cm2]) 36 (250 [2.5])*3

Size T135/80D17 103M
Compact 
Spare Pressure 

60 (420 [4.2])
psi (kPa [kgf/cm2])

18 x 7 1/2J*2
Regular

Wheel Size 19 x 7 1/2J*3

Compact Spare 17 x 4T
*1: Original tire size is mentioned on the tire information label on 

the driver’s doorjamb.
*2: Models with 235/60R18 tires
*3: Models with 235/55R19 tires
763



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  764 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

764

Information
Identification Numbers
1Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), Engine Number, and 
Transmission Number

The interior vehicle identification number (VIN) is 
located under the cover.
Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), Engine Number, 
and Transmission Number
Your vehicle has a 17-digit vehicle identification number (VIN) used to register your 
vehicle for warranty purposes, and for licensing and insuring your vehicle.
The locations of your vehicle’s VIN, engine number, and transmission number are 
shown as follows:

Vehicle Identification 
Number

Engine Number

Transmission Number
Certification Label/
Vehicle Identification 
Number



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  765 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Devices that Emit Radio Waves
 Information
Each radio frequency device installed in the vehicle conforms to the requirements 
and standards of the regulation listed below:

As required by the FCC:
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC rules. Operation is 
subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not 
cause harmful interference, and (2) this device must accept any 
interference received, including interference that may cause 
undesired operation.

Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party 
responsible for compliance could void the user’s authority to 
operate the equipment.

This device complies with Industry Canada licence-exempt RSS standard(s). 
Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) this device may not cause 
interference, and (2) this device must accept any interference, including interference 
that may cause undesired operation of the device.
765



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  766 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

766

Information
Reporting Safety Defects
In the U.S.
If you believe that your vehicle has a defect which could cause a crash or could cause injury or death, you 
should immediately inform the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in addition to 
notifying American Honda Motor Co., Inc.

If NHTSA receives similar complaints, it may open an investigation, and if it finds that a safety defect exists 
in a group of vehicles, it may order a recall and remedy campaign. However, NHTSA cannot become involved 
in individual problems between you, your dealer, or American Honda Motor Co., Inc.

To contact NHTSA, you may call the Vehicle Safety Hotline toll-free at 1-888-327-4236 (TTY: 1-800-424-
9153); go to http://www.safercar.gov; or write to: Administrator, NHTSA, 1200 New Jersey Avenue, SE., 
Washington, DC 20590. You can also obtain other information about motor vehicle safety from http://
www.safercar.gov.

In Canada
If you believe that your vehicle has a defect which could cause a crash or could cause injury or death, you 
should immediately inform Honda Canada Inc. and you may also inform Transport Canada.

If Transport Canada receives similar complaints, it may open an investigation, and if it finds that a safety 
defect exists in a group of vehicles, it may lead to a recall and remedy campaign. However, Transport Canada 
cannot become involved in individual problems between you, your dealer, or Honda Canada Inc.

To contact Transport Canada’s Defect Investigations and Recalls Division, you may call 1-800-333-0510. For 
more information on reporting safety defects or about motor vehicle safety, go to http://www.tc.gc.ca/
roadsafety.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  767 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Emissions Testing
1Testing of Readiness Codes
The readiness codes are erased when the battery is 
disconnected, and set again only after several days of 
driving under a variety of conditions.

If a testing facility determines that the readiness 
codes are not set, you may be requested to return at 
a later date to complete the test.

If the testing facility determines the readiness codes 
are still not set, see a dealer.

Information
Testing of Readiness Codes
Your vehicle has readiness codes as part of the onboard self diagnostic system. 
Some states use these codes for testing to verify whether your vehicle’s emissions 
components are working properly.
The codes may not be read properly if testing is performed just after the battery has 
gone dead or been disconnected.

To check if they are set, set the power mode to ON, without starting the engine. The 
malfunction indicator lamp will come on for several seconds. If it then goes off, the 
readiness codes are set. If it blinks five times, the readiness codes are not set.

If you are required to have your vehicle tested before the readiness codes are ready, 
prepare the vehicle for retesting by doing the following:

1. Fill the gas tank to approximately 3/4 full.
2. Park the vehicle and leave the engine off for 6 hours or more.
3. Make sure the ambient temperature is between 40°F and 95°F (4°C and 35°C).
4. Start the engine without touching the accelerator pedal, and let it idle for 20 

seconds.
5. Keep the vehicle in (P . Increase the engine speed to 2,000 rpm, and hold it there 

for about 3 minutes.
6. Let the engine idle with your foot off the accelerator for 20 seconds.
Continued 767



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  768 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuEmissions TestinguTesting of Readiness Codes

768

Information
7. Select a nearby, lightly traveled major highway where you can maintain a speed 
of 50 to 60 mph (80 to 97 km/h) for at least 20 minutes. Drive on the highway in 
(D . Do not use cruise control. When traffic allows, drive for 90 seconds without 
moving the accelerator pedal. (Vehicle speed may vary slightly; this is okay.) If you 
cannot do this for a continuous 90 seconds because of traffic conditions, drive for 
at least 30 seconds, then repeat it two more times (for a total of 90 seconds).

8. Drive in city or suburban traffic for at least 10 minutes. When traffic conditions 
allow, let the vehicle coast for several seconds without using the accelerator pedal 
or the brake pedal.

9. Park the vehicle and leave the engine off for 30 minutes.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  769 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Warranty Coverages
 Information
■U.S. Owners
Your new vehicle is covered by these warranties:

New Vehicle Limited Warranty – covers your new vehicle, except for the 
emissions control systems and accessories, against defects in materials and 
workmanship.

Emissions Control Systems Defects Warranty and Emissions Performance 
Warranty – these two warranties cover your vehicle’s emissions control systems. 
Time, mileage, and coverage are conditional. Please read your warranty booklet for 
exact information.

Seat Belt Limited Warranty – a seat belt that fails to function properly is covered 
by a limited warranty. Please read your warranty booklet for details.

Rust Perforation Limited Warranty – all exterior body panels are covered against 
rusting from the inside out for the specified time period, regardless of mileage.

Accessory Limited Warranty – Honda accessories are covered under this 
warranty. Time and mileage limits depend on the type of accessory and other 
factors. Please read your warranty booklet for details.

Replacement Parts Limited Warranty – covers all Honda replacement parts 
against defects in materials and workmanship.
Continued 769



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  770 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWarranty Coveragesu

770

Information
Replacement Battery Limited Warranty – provides prorated coverage for a 
replacement battery purchased from a dealer.

Replacement Muffler Lifetime Limited Warranty – provides coverage for as 
long as the purchaser of the muffler owns the vehicle.

Restrictions and exclusions apply to all these warranties. Please read the Honda 
warranty information booklet that came with your vehicle for precise information on 
warranty coverages. Your vehicle’s original tires are covered by their manufacturer. 
Tire warranty information is in a separate booklet.

■ Statement on Warranty Coverage for Aftermarket and Recycled Parts
The Magnuson-Moss Warranty Act, 15 U.S.C. s.2301 et seq., makes it illegal for 
motor vehicle manufacturers to void a motor vehicle warranty or deny warranty 
coverage solely because an aftermarket or recycled part has been used to repair the 
vehicle or someone other than the authorized service provider performed service on 
the vehicle. This provision does not apply to a new motor vehicle purchased solely 
for commercial or industrial use.

Under federal law, a manufacturer may deny warranty coverage and charge for repairs 
to a vehicle if it is discovered that an aftermarket or recycled part installed on the 
vehicle is defective or was installed incorrectly and caused damage to another part of 
the vehicle otherwise covered under warranty. The Federal Trade Commission requires 
that a manufacturer demonstrate that an aftermarket or recycled part or service 
performed by a person other than an authorized service provider caused damage to 
another part of the vehicle otherwise covered under warranty before denying 
warranty coverage. Additionally, federal law allows a manufacturer to void a motor 
vehicle warranty or deny warranty coverage if the manufacturer provides the article or 
service to consumers free of charge under the warranty or the manufacturer has 
secured a waiver from the Federal Trade Commission.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  771 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

uuWarranty CoveragesuInformation
■Canadian Owners
Please refer to the warranty manual that came with your vehicle.

■ EPA Contact Information
An owner may obtain further information concerning emission warranties or report 
violations of the terms of the emission warranties by contacting:

Director,
Light-Duty Vehicle Center,
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,
Attention: Warranty Claim
2000 Traverwood Drive,
Ann Arbor, MI 48105;
complianceinfo@epa.gov
771



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  772 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

772

Information
Authorized Manuals
■ Service Express
For electronic copies of service publications, you can purchase a subscription to 
Service Express. Visit www.techinfo.honda.com for pricing and options.

■ For U.S. Owners
Manuals can be purchased from Helm Incorporated. You can order a manual by 
phone at 1 (800) 782-4356 (credit card orders only), or online at www.helminc.com.

■ For Canadian Owners
Please contact a dealer to order any manuals that you may require.



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  773 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分
Customer Service Information
1Customer Service Information
When you call or write, please give us the following 
information:
• Vehicle Identification Number

2 Vehicle Identification Number (VIN), 
Engine Number, and Transmission 
Number P. 764

• Date of purchase
• Odometer reading of your vehicle
• Your name, address, and telephone number
• A detailed description of the problem
• Name of the dealer who sold the vehicle to you

Information
Honda dealership personnel are trained professionals who should be able to deal 
with any problems you may encounter with your vehicle. If, however, you are faced 
with a problem that they cannot resolve to your satisfaction, contact Honda 
Customer Services.

U.S. Owners Canadian Owners
American Honda Motor Co., Inc. Honda Canada Inc.
Honda Automobile Customer Services Customer Relations
Mail Stop 100-5E-8A 180 Honda Boulevard
1919 Torrance Blvd. Markham, ON
Torrance, CA 90501-2746 L6C 0H9
Tel: 1 (800) 999-1009 Tel: 1-888-9-HONDA-9

Fax: 1-877-939-0909
E-mail: Honda_cr@ch.honda.com

In Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands
Bella International
P.O. Box 190816
San Juan, PR 00919-0816
Tel: 1 (787) 620-7546
773



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  774 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index

774

Index
Index

A
ABS (Anti-lock Brake System)................... 646
AC Power Outlet....................................... 252
Accessories and Modifications ................. 720
Accessory Power Sockets .......................... 250
Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low 
Speed Follow........................................... 602

Additives
Coolant ................................................... 683
Engine Oil................................................ 678
Washer.................................................... 687

Additives, Engine Oil ................................ 678
Adjusting

Armrest ................................................... 238
Front and Second Row Outer and Third 
Row Outer Head Restraints Positions...... 235

Front Seats .............................................. 222
Mirrors .................................................... 219
Second Row Seats ................................... 225
Steering Wheel ........................................ 218
Third Row Seats....................................... 230

Agile Handling Assist................................ 578
Air Conditioning System (Climate Control 
System) ............................................ 263, 268
Changing the Mode ........................ 263, 268
Defrosting the Windshield and 
Windows ....................................... 264, 270

Dust and Pollen Filter ............................... 713
Recirculation/Fresh Air Mode ................... 263
Sensors............................................ 267, 274
Using Automatic Climate Control .... 263, 268
Air Pressure.......................................  700, 763
Airbags ........................................................  49

Advanced Airbags .....................................  55
Airbag Care...............................................  66
Event Data Recorder....................................  0
Front Airbags (SRS)....................................  52
Indicator..............................................  63, 95
Knee Airbags.............................................  57
Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator .........  64
Sensors .....................................................  49
Side Airbags ..............................................  60
Side Curtain Airbags..................................  62

AM/FM Radio....................................  291, 335
Android Auto ...........................................  378
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS) ..................  646

Indicator....................................................  95
Apple CarPlay ...........................................  375
Armrest .....................................................  238
AT&T Hotspot ...........................................  373
Audio Remote Controls ...........................  281
Audio System............................................  276

Adjusting the Sound........................  289, 329
Audio/Information Screen................  285, 303
Auxiliary Input Jack..................................  279
Display Setup ..................................  290, 330
Error Messages........................................  382
File Manager ...........................................  323
General Information ................................  387
Home Screen...........................................  309
How to Delete a File ................................  326
How to Transfer a File .............................  323
How to Update Wirelessly .......................  317
How to Update with a USB Device ..........  321
Limitations for Manual Operation............  331
MP3/WMA/AAC .............  296, 349, 355, 358
My Honda Music.....................................  358
Playing a CD ...........................................  349
Playing Social Playlist ...............................  364
Reactivating ............................................  280
Recommended CDs ................................  388
Remote Controls .....................................  281
Security Code .........................................  280
Selecting an Audio Source ......................  331
Status Area .............................................  314
System Updates ......................................  317
Theft Protection ......................................  280
USB Flash Drives......................................  390
USB Ports ................................................  277
Wallpaper Setup .............................  287, 307

Audio/Information Screen ...............  285, 303
Authorized Manuals ................................  772
Auto Door Locking/Unlocking ................  170

Customize ......................................  149, 479
Auto High-Beam ......................................  207

Indicator ...................................................  95
Auto Idle Stop Indicator (Green) ............  100
Auto Idle Stop OFF Indicator...................  100
Auto Idle Stop Suspend Indicator ...........  101
Auto Idle Stop System Indicator 
(Amber)...................................................  100

Automatic Brake Hold
Indicator ...................................................  91



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  775 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index
Automatic Brake Hold System
Indicator ...................................................  91

Automatic Operation (automatic lighting 
control) ...................................................  203

Automatic Transmission ..........................  559
Creeping.................................................  559
Fluid .......................................................  685
Kickdown ...............................................  559
Shift Operation .......................................  562
Shifting...................................................  560

Auxiliary Input Jack .................................  279
Average Fuel Economy ............................  133

B
Battery ......................................................  708

Charging System Indicator ................  92, 742
Jump Starting .........................................  737
Maintenance (Checking the Battery) .......  708
Maintenance (Replacing).................  710, 711

Belts (Seat)..................................................  40
Beverage Holders .....................................  244
Blank.........................................................  139
Blind spot information System................  583
Bluetooth® Audio.............................  299, 362
Bluetooth® HandsFreeLink® ...........  487, 512
Blu-ray/DVD Rear Entertainment 
System ..................................................... 411
Audio Sources for Front and Rear Seats ... 432
Auxiliary Console Panels .......................... 413
DVD or Blu-rayTM Player Error Messages ... 457
Front Control Panel Operation ................. 424
HDMITM Port ............................................ 414
How Much Farther?TM.............................. 431
Media Servers .......................................... 431
Operating the System .............................. 415
Overhead Screen ..................................... 414
Playable Disc Region Codes ..................... 455
Playable Disc Types .................................. 455
Playable Discs .......................................... 433
Playing a Disc in the Rear ......................... 429
Playing a DVD/Blu-rayTM ........................... 418
Playing a Video Using the HDMITM ........... 430
Playing an iPod and a USB Flash Drive in 
the Rear................................................. 429

Playing Apps............................................ 427
Rear DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu.................... 419
Rear System Setup................................... 425
Recommended Discs................................ 456
Selecting the Audio Source using Front 
Control Panel......................................... 424

Setting the DVD or Blu-rayTM Menu.......... 426
System Controls .............................. 418, 428
System Settings ....................................... 422
Video Accessibility ................................... 416
Wireless Headphones .............................. 412

Booster Seats (For Children) ...................... 84
Brake System ............................................  640
Anti-lock Brake System (ABS)...................  646
Brake Assist System.................................  647
Fluid........................................................  686
Foot Brake...............................................  643
Indicator (Amber) ........................  89, 90, 744
Indicator (Red)...........................  88, 743, 744
Parking Brake ..........................................  640

Brightness Control (Instrument Panel)....  215
Built-in Key ...............................................  157
Bulb Replacement ....................................  688

Back-Up Lights/Taillights..........................  693
Brake, Rear Turn Signal Lights, and Rear 
Side Marker/Taillights ............................  691

Front Side Marker Lights..........................  690
Front Turn Signal Lights...........................  689
High-Mount Brake Light ..........................  694
Parking/Daytime Running Lights ..............  688
Rear License Plate Light ...........................  694
Side Turn Signal/Emergency Indicator 
Lights ....................................................  690

Bulb Specifications ...................................  762

C
CabinTalk® ..............................................  538
CabinWatch® ...........................................  537
Car Wash Mode ........................................  564
Carbon Monoxide Gas ...............................  85
Cargo Hooks .............................................  247
Carrying Cargo .................................  541, 543
775



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  776 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

776

Index
CD Player ................................................... 349
Center Pocket............................................ 243
Certification Label .................................... 764
Changing Bulbs......................................... 688
Charging System Indicator ................. 92, 742
Child Safety ................................................. 67

Childproof Door Locks ............................. 169
Child Seat .................................................... 67

Booster Seats............................................. 84
Child Seat for Infants ................................. 69
Child Seat for Small Children ..................... 70
Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder 
Seat Belt .................................................. 77

Larger Children.......................................... 83
Rear-facing Child Seat ............................... 69
Selecting a Child Seat ................................ 71
Using a Tether ........................................... 79

Childproof Door Locks.............................. 169
Cleaning the Exterior ............................... 717
Cleaning the Interior ................................ 714
Climate Control System .................... 263, 268

Changing the Mode ........................ 263, 268
Defrosting the Windshield and 
Windows ....................................... 264, 270

Dust and Pollen Filter ............................... 713
Recirculation/Fresh Air Mode ........... 263, 270
Sensors............................................ 267, 274
Using Automatic Climate Control .... 263, 268

Clock .......................................................... 154
Coat Hooks................................................ 246
Compact Spare Tire .......................... 725, 763
Console Box ..............................................  242
Console Compartment with Lid ..............  243
Controls.....................................................  153
Coolant (Engine) ......................................  683

Adding to the Radiator............................  684
Adding to the Reserve Tank.....................  683
Overheating ............................................  739
Temperature Gauge ................................  127

Creeping (Automatic Transmission) ........  559
Cup Holders ..............................................  244
Customer Service Information .................  773
Customized Features ................  143, 459, 465

D
Daytime Running Lights ..........................  206
Dead Battery.............................................  737
Defaulting All the Settings ......................  483
Defrosting the Windshield and 
Windows .........................................  264, 270

Detachable Anchor ....................................  45
Devices that Emit Radio Waves ...............  765
Dimming

Headlights...............................................  202
Rearview Mirror.......................................  219

Dipstick (Engine Oil).................................  679
Directional Signals (Turn Signal) .............  201
Door Mirrors .............................................  220
Doors ........................................................  156
Auto Door Locking..................................  170
Auto Door Unlocking ..............................  170
Door and Tailgate Open Message .............  39
Keys........................................................  156
Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the 
Inside ....................................................  166

Locking/Unlocking the Doors from the 
Outside .................................................  159

Lockout Prevention System .....................  165
DOT Tire Quality Grading........................  702
Driver Information Interface ...................  128

Accessing Content ..................................  130
Warning and Information Messages........  108

Driving ......................................................  539
Automatic Transmission ..........................  559
Braking ...................................................  640
Shifting Gear ..........................................  560
Starting the Engine .................................  552

Driving Position Memory System ............  216
Dust and Pollen Filter ..............................  713

E
Eco Assist® System ......................................  13
Econ Mode

Indicator ...................................................  99
Electric Power Steering (EPS) System

Indicator ...........................................  96, 745
Electronic Stability Control (ESC) ............  576
Emergency ................................................  754



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  777 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index
Emergency Engine Stop...........................  736
Emissions Testing (Readiness Codes) ......  767
Engine.......................................................  764

Coolant ..................................................  683
Jump Starting .........................................  737
Oil ..........................................................  678
Starting...................................................  552

Engine Coolant ........................................  683
Adding to the Radiator ...........................  684
Adding to the Reserve Tank ....................  683
Overheating............................................  739
Temperature Gauge................................  127

Engine Oil.................................................  678
Adding ...................................................  680
Checking ................................................  679
Displaying Maintenance Minder 
Information...........................................  670

Low Oil Pressure Symbol .........................  741
Recommended Engine Oil .......................  678

ENGINE START/STOP Button....................  198
Exhaust Gas Hazard (Carbon Monoxide)..  85
Exterior Care (Cleaning) ..........................  717
Exterior Mirrors ........................................  220

F
Features ....................................................  275
File Manager ............................................  323
Filters

Dust and Pollen.......................................  713
Oil ..........................................................  681
Flat Tire ..................................................... 725
Floor Mats ................................................. 715
Fluids

Automatic Transmission........................... 685
Brake....................................................... 686
Engine Coolant........................................ 683
Windshield Washer.................................. 687

FM/AM Radio .................................... 291, 335
Fog Light Indicator ..................................... 98
Folding Down the Rear Seats .......... 226, 231
Foot Brake................................................. 643
Front Airbags (SRS) ..................................... 52
Front Seat Heaters .................................... 257
Front Seat Heaters and Seat 
Ventilation .............................................. 258

Front Seats ................................................ 222
Adjusting................................................. 222

Fuel ...................................................... 28, 661
Economy ................................................. 664
Gauge ..................................................... 127
Instant Fuel Economy............................... 133
Low Fuel Indicator ..................................... 94
Range...................................................... 133
Recommendation .................................... 661
Refueling................................................. 661

Fuel Economy............................................ 664
Fuel Fill Door....................................... 28, 662
Fuses .......................................................... 747

Inspecting and Changing......................... 753
Locations................................. 747, 749, 752
G
Gasoline (Fuel)

Economy.................................................  664
Gauge.....................................................  127
Information .............................................  661
Instant Fuel Economy ..............................  133
Low Fuel Indicator .....................................  94
Refueling.................................................  661

Gauges ......................................................  127
Gear Position Indicator ..............................  92
Glass (care)........................................  714, 719
Glove Box..................................................  241
Grocery Bag Hooks...................................  248

H
Handling the Unexpected........................  723
HandsFreeLink® (HFL).......................  487, 512

Automatic Import of Cellular Phonebook and 
Call History....................................  501, 521

Automatic Transferring............................  520
Caller’s ID Information.............................  499
Displaying Messages................................  531
Favorite Contacts ....................................  522
HFL Buttons.....................................  487, 512
HFL Menus ......................................  489, 515
HFL Status Display ...........................  488, 514
In Case of Emergency..............................  535
Limitations for Manual Operation ....  488, 514
Making a Call..................................  506, 524
Options During a Call ......................  511, 527
777



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  778 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

778

Index
Phone Setup .................................... 493, 517
Receiving a Call ............................... 510, 527
Receiving a Text Message ........................ 529
Ring Tone........................................ 499, 520
Selecting a Phone .................................... 530
Speed Dial ............................................... 502
To Clear the System................................. 500
To Set Up a Text Message Options........... 528

Hazard Warning Button............................... 6
HD RadioTM ................................................ 338
HDMITM Port .............................................. 414
Head Restraints......................................... 235
Headlights ................................................. 202

Aiming .................................................... 688
Auto High-Beam...................................... 207
Automatic Operation ............................... 203
Dimming ......................................... 202, 206
Operating ................................................ 202

Heated Steering Wheel ............................ 256
Heated Windshield Button ...................... 214
Heaters (Seat).................................... 257, 258
HFL (HandsFreeLink®) ....................... 487, 512
High Beam Indicator................................... 97
HomeLink® Universal Transceiver ............ 484
Honda App License Agreement............... 391
Honda Sensing® ...................................... 588
HondaLink® ............................................. 366
HondaVACTM ............................................. 260
I
Identification Numbers

Engine and Transmission .........................  764
Vehicle Identification ...............................  764

Illumination Control
Knob.......................................................  215

Immobilizer System ..................................  191
Indicator....................................................  98

Indicators ....................................................  88
Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low 
Speed Follow (Amber) ...........................  103

Adaptive Cruise Control (ACC) with Low 
Speed Follow (White/Green) ..................  103

Anti-lock Brake System (ABS).....................  95
Auto High-Beam .......................................  95
Auto Idle Stop (Green).............................  100
Auto Idle Stop OFF ..................................  100
Auto Idle Stop Suspend ...........................  101
Auto Idle Stop System (Amber)................  100
Automatic Brake Hold ...............................  91
Automatic Brake Hold System ...................  91
Charging System ...............................  92, 742
Cruise Mode (White/Green).....................  104
Econ Mode................................................  99
Electric Power Steering (EPS) System..  96, 745
Fog Light...................................................  98
Gear Position.............................................  92
Hazard Warning ........................................  97
High Beam ................................................  97
Immobilizer System ...................................  98
Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) 
(Amber) ................................................  102

Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) 
(White/Green) .......................................  102

Lights On ..................................................  98
Low Fuel ...................................................  94
Low Oil Pressure Symbol .........................  741
Low Tire Pressure/TPMS ............  97, 581, 745
Malfunction Indicator Lamp ..............  91, 742
Normal Mode ...........................................  99
Parking Brake and Brake System 
(Amber) ....................................  89, 90, 744

Parking Brake and Brake System 
(Red) .......................................  88, 743, 744

Safety Support (Amber)...........................  104
Safety Support (Green/Gray) ...................  107
Seat Belt Reminder..............................  41, 94
Security System Alarm...............................  98
Snow Mode ..............................................  99
Supplemental Restraint System ...........  63, 95
System Message .......................................  99
Transmission System .........................  93, 746
Turn Signal ...............................................  97
Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®) 
System ............................................  96, 576

VSA® OFF..........................................  96, 577
Information ..............................................  761
Instant Fuel Economy ..............................  133
Instrument Panel........................................  87

Brightness Control ..................................  215
Integrated Sunshades ..............................  259



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  779 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index
Interior Lights...........................................  239
Interior Rearview Mirror .........................  219
iPad ...........................................................  390
iPhone.......................................................  390
iPod ...........................................  293, 352, 390

J
Jack (Wheel Nut Wrench) ........................  728
Jump Starting ...........................................  737

K
Key Number Tag ......................................  157
Keyless Lockout Prevention.....................  165
Keys...........................................................  156

Lockout Prevention .................................  165
Number Tag............................................  157
Rear Door Won’t Open ...........................  169
Remote Transmitter ................................  163
Types and Functions................................  156

Kickdown (Automatic Transmission) ......  559
Knee Airbags ..............................................  57

L
Lane Keeping Assist System (LKAS) ........  618
LaneWatchTM ............................................  586
LATCH (Child Seats) ...................................  72
Lights ................................................. 202, 688
Automatic ............................................... 203
Bulb Replacement.................................... 688
Daytime Running Lights ........................... 206
Fog Lights................................................ 205
High Beam Indicator .................................. 97
Interior .................................................... 239
Light Switches ......................................... 202
Lights On Indicator .................................... 98
Turn Signals............................................. 201

Load Limits ................................................ 543
Locking/Unlocking .................................... 156

Auto Door Locking/Unlocking.................. 170
Childproof Door Locks ............................. 169
From Inside.............................................. 166
From Outside........................................... 159
Keys ........................................................ 156
Using a Key ............................................. 164

Lockout Prevention System...................... 165
Low Battery Charge.................................. 742
Low Fuel Indicator ...................................... 94
Low Oil Pressure Symbol .......................... 741
Low Remote Signal Strength ................... 158
Lower Anchors ............................................ 72
Luggage (Maximum Load Limit) ............. 543
M
Magic Slide® 2nd-Row Seats ....................  229
Maintenance.....................................  137, 665

Battery ....................................................  708
Brake Fluid ..............................................  686
Cleaning .................................................  714
Climate Control System...........................  713
Coolant...................................................  683
Maintenance MinderTM ............................  669
Oil...........................................................  679
Precautions .............................................  666
Radiator ..................................................  684
Remote Control and Wireless 
Headphone ...........................................  711

Remote Transmitter.................................  710
Replacing Light Bulbs ..............................  688
Safety......................................................  667
Service Items ...........................................  672
Tires ........................................................  699
Transmission Fluid ...................................  685
Under the Hood ......................................  675

Malfunction Indicator Lamp..............  91, 742
Map Lights ................................................  240
Maximum Load Limit ...............................  543
Meters, Gauges.........................................  127
Mirrors ......................................................  219

Adjusting ................................................  219
Door .......................................................  220
Exterior ...................................................  220
Interior Rearview .....................................  219

Modifications (and Accessories) ..............  720
779



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  780 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

780

Index
Moonroof.................................................. 197
MP3/WMA/AAC................. 296, 349, 355, 358
Multi-View Rear Camera .......................... 659
My Honda Music ....................................... 358

N
Navigation................................................. 134
Now Playing .............................................. 139
Numbers (Identification) .......................... 764

O
Odometer.................................................. 129
Oil (Engine) ............................................... 678

Adding .................................................... 680
Checking ................................................. 679
Displaying Maintenance Minder 
Information............................................ 670

Low Oil Pressure Symbol .......................... 741
Oil Life..................................................... 137
Recommended Engine Oil........................ 678
Viscosity .................................................. 678

One-Motion 60/40 Split 3rd-Row 
Magic Seat® ........................................... 231

Open Source Licenses ............................... 405
Opening/Closing

Hood....................................................... 676
Moonroof................................................ 197
Power Windows ...................................... 194
Sliding Doors...........................................  182
Tailgate ...................................................  171

Outside Temperature Display ..................  129
Overheating..............................................  739

P
Panic Mode ...............................................  193
Parking......................................................  648
Parking Brake ...........................................  640
Parking Brake and Brake System Indicator 
(Amber) .......................................  89, 90, 744

Parking Brake and Brake System Indicator 
(Red) ..........................................  88, 743, 744

Parking Sensor System .............................  650
Passenger Front Airbag Off Indicator .......  64
Passing Indicators .....................................  202
Phone ........................................................  138
Playing Bluetooth® Audio ................  299, 362
Power Sliding Doors .................................  184

Unable to Close.......................................  758
Power Tailgate .........................................  174

Unable to Open.......................................  756
Power Windows .......................................  194
Precautions While Driving

Rain ........................................................  558
Pregnant Women .......................................  47
Puncture (Tire) ..........................................  725
R
Radiator ....................................................  684
Radio (FM/AM) .................................  291, 335
Radio (SiriusXM®) .....................................  339
Radio Data System (RDS) .................  292, 337
Range........................................................  133
RDS (Radio Data System) .................  292, 337
Readiness Codes (Emissions Testing) ......  767
Rear Defogger/Heated Door Mirror 
Button .....................................................  213

Rear Entertainment System.....................  411
Rear Seat Reminder .................................  233
Rear Seats (Folding Down) ..............  226, 231
Rearview Mirror .......................................  219
Refueling ..................................................  661

Fuel Gauge .............................................  127
Gasoline .........................................  661, 762
Low Fuel Indicator.....................................  94

Regulations ..............................  581, 702, 765
Remote Transmitter .................................  163
Removing a Second Row Outer Seat ......  228
Removing the Second Row Center 
Seat .........................................................  227

Replacement
Battery............................................  710, 711
Bulbs ......................................................  688
Front Wiper Blade Rubber .......................  695
Fuses ......................................  747, 749, 752
Tires........................................................  705

Reporting Safety Defects.........................  766



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  781 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index
S
Safe Driving................................................  35
Safety Check ...............................................  39
Safety Labels ..............................................  86
Safety Message ............................................  2
Seat Belts ....................................................  40

Adjusting the Shoulder Anchor .................  44
Automatic Seat Belt Tensioners .................  42
Checking ..................................................  48
Detachable Anchor ...................................  45
Fastening ..................................................  43
Installing a Child Seat with a Lap/Shoulder 
Seat Belt .................................................  77

Pregnant Women......................................  47
Reminder ..................................................  41
Warning Indicator ...............................  41, 94

Seat Heaters .....................................  257, 258
Seats..........................................................  222

Adjusting ................................................  222
Front Seats..............................................  222
Seat Heaters ...................................  257, 258
Second Row Seats...................................  225
Third Row Seats ......................................  230

Second Row Seats
Adjusting ................................................  225

Security System ........................................  191
Immobilizer System Indicator.....................  98
Security System Alarm Indicator ................  98

Select Buttons ....................................  25, 560
Operation ...............................................  562

Selecting a Child Seat ................................  71
Selector Knob (Audio) .............................. 284
Settings

Arrange Apps .......................................... 141
Show Tachometer ................................... 142

Shifting (Transmission) ............................. 560
Shoulder Anchor......................................... 44
Show Tachometer..................................... 142
Show/Hide Apps ....................................... 140
Side Airbags ................................................ 60
Side Curtain Airbags................................... 62
Siri Eyes Free ............................................. 374
SiriusXM® Radio ........................................ 339
Sliding Doors............................................. 182

Power Sliding Doors ................................ 184
Smart Entry with Push Button Start 
System ..................................................... 159

Snow Mode Indicator ................................. 99
Snow Tires ................................................. 707
Social Playlist............................................. 364
Spare Tire .......................................... 725, 763
Spark Plugs................................................ 762
Specifications ............................................ 762
Specified Fuel.................................... 661, 762
Speedometer ............................................ 128
SRS Airbags (Airbags) ................................. 52
Starting the Engine .................................. 552

Does Not Start ......................................... 734
Jump Starting .......................................... 737

Steering Wheel
Adjusting................................................. 218

Stopping.................................................... 648
Summer Tires ............................................  707
Sunglasses Holder.....................................  249
Supplemental Restraint System (SRS)........  52
Switches (Around the Steering 
Wheel).............................................  6, 7, 198

System Message Indicator..........................  99
System Updates ........................................  317

T
Tachometer...............................................  128
Tailgate .....................................................  171

Unable to Open.......................................  756
Temperature

Gauge.....................................................  127
Outside Temperature Display...................  129

Temperature Gauge.................................  127
Temperature Sensor.................  129, 267, 274
Third Row Seat Access..............................  226
Time (Adjusting).......................................  154
Tire Pressure .............................................  137
Tire Pressure Monitoring System (TPMS)

Indicator............................................  97, 745
Tires...........................................................  699

Air Pressure .....................................  700, 763
Checking and Maintaining ......................  699
Inspection ...............................................  699
Labeling ..................................................  700
Puncture (Flat Tire) ..................................  725
Regulations .............................................  702
Rotation ..................................................  706
781



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  782 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

782

Index
Spare Tire ........................................ 725, 763
Summer................................................... 707
Tire Chains .............................................. 707
Wear Indicators ....................................... 704
Winter ..................................................... 707

Tools .......................................................... 724
Towing a Trailer........................................ 546

Equipment and Accessories...................... 547
Load Limits .............................................. 546

Towing Your Vehicle ................................ 551
Emergency............................................... 754

TPMS (Tire Pressure Monitoring System)
Indicator ............................................ 97, 745

Traffic Sign Recognition System .............. 632
Transmission.............................................. 560

Automatic ............................................... 559
Fluid ........................................................ 685
Gear Position Indicator............................... 92
Number ................................................... 764

Transmission System
Indicator ............................................ 93, 746

Trip Computer........................................... 132
Trip Meter ................................................. 133
Troubleshooting ....................................... 723

Blown Fuse .............................. 747, 749, 752
Brake Pedal Vibrates .................................. 32
Buzzer Sounds When Opening Door .......... 33
Emergency Towing .................................. 754
Engine Won’t Start .................................. 734
Noise When Braking .................................. 33
Overheating............................................. 739
Puncture/Flat Tire ....................................  725
Sliding Door Won’t Open ..................  32, 169
Warning Indicators ............................  88, 741

Turn Signals ..............................................  201
Indicators (Instrument Panel) .....................  97

U
Units ..........................................................  138
Unlocking the Doors ................................  159
Unlocking the Front Doors from the 
Inside .......................................................  166

USB Flash Drives .......................  296, 355, 390
USB Ports...................................................  277
Using the Smart Entry with Push Button 
Start System ............................................  159

V
Vacuum .....................................................  260
Vanity Mirrors...............................................  9
Vehicle Customization .............................  143
Vehicle Identification Number ................  764
Vehicle Stability AssistTM (VSA®) ..............  576

Off Button...............................................  577
Off Indicator..............................................  96
System Indicator........................................  96

Ventilation................................................  263
Viscosity (Oil) ....................................  678, 763
Voice Control Operation..........................  332

Audio Commands ...................................  334
Phone Commands ..................................  334
Voice Portal Screen .................................  333
Voice Recognition ...................................  332

VSA® (Vehicle Stability AssistTM) ..............  576

W
Wallpaper .........................................  287, 307
Warning and Information Messages ......  108
Warning Indicator On/Blinking ...............  741
Warning Labels ..........................................  86
Warnings ..................................................  136
Warranties (Warranty Manual provided 
separately) ..............................................  769

Watts ........................................................  762
Wear Indicators (Tire) ..............................  704
Wheel Nut Wrench (Jack Handle) ...........  728
Wi-Fi Connection .....................................  371
Window Washers .....................................  210

Adding/Refilling Fluid ..............................  687
Switch ....................................................  210

Windows (Opening and Closing) ............  194
Windshield ...............................................  210

Cleaning .........................................  714, 719
Defrosting.......................................  264, 270
Washer Fluid...........................................  687
Wiper Blades...........................................  695
Wipers and Washers ...............................  210

Winter Tires
Snow Tires ..............................................  707
Tire Chains..............................................  707



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  783 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分

Index
Wipers and Washers ................................  210
Checking and Replacing the Front Wiper 
Blades ...................................................  695

Checking and Replacing the Rear Wiper 
Blade ....................................................  697

Wireless Charger ......................................  253
Worn Tires ................................................  699
783



21 US ODYSSEY-31THR6310.book  784 ページ  ２０２０年６月１７日　水曜日　午後２時４６分



owners.honda.com (U.S.) 
honda.ca (Canada)

31THR631
OM-14870 2021 Honda Odyssey Owner’s Manual
00X31-THR-6310 © 2020 Honda Motor Co., Ltd. — All Rights Reserved Printed in U.S.A.
